Chapter 2170  Potential Exchange



Rui grew engrossed as he watched the man conjure and control a ball of plasma extremely well. He grew far more excited with the topic of discussion.

"Because we Martial Masters possess the ability to sense more than just materia, we possess the ability to harness more than just materia," Master Gern remarked with an erudite tone. "It is one of the things that separates us from Martial Artists of the Lower Realms."

WHOOSH

He dispelled the ball of plasma, much to Rui's dismay.

"Of course," Master Gern continued, "most Martial Masters do not delve into high principles. The reason is that high principles are tricky and extremely difficult to understand. They are often extremely counter-intuitive and highly abstruse. Furthermore, most of them have yet to explore the limits of low principles which are simply far simpler to manipulate. There is nothing wrong with a simple punch or kick; not everything needs to have extravagant principles underlying it."

Rui nodded, understanding the man's words.

All of these things were true.

What the man called high principles were simply advanced Physics to Rui. He had been making use of some remarkably advanced principles for quite some time. And whenever he did, the result was usually outstanding and revolutionary.

In terms of which technique employed the highest principle, it would undoubtedly be Riemannian Echo.

This technique was based on his understanding of gravity and Einstein's General Theory of Relativity. It was extremely advanced on a theoretical basis, employing high principles to achieve results that low principles could not deliver.

The outcome?

He ended up dominating the Shionel Dungeon due to the sheer intelligence advantage that the technique bestowed upon him. The rest of the world combined could not have produced an outcome close to his success.

All because he applied a technique that employed high principles.

In other words, techniques with high principles could produce impossible outcomes that could never happen with low principles. "Of course, that is not an absolute law, just the general trend among Master-level techniques," Master Gern added. "It has its challenges and difficulties too, of course. The development and training time for high-principled techniques is much higher than that of low-principled techniques. A lot of time needs to go into researching the high principle that a Martial Artist seeks to harness. This often takes more than a decade. This was the norm all the way until…"

His eyes were fixed on Rui with an intense gaze.

"…you came along."

Rui stiffened a little at those words.

"Here was a Squire and Senior that could harness higher techniques like they were low-hanging fruits," he remarked knowingly. "While most of the Martial World knows you for your immense power of thought, many do not know the equally frightening affinity for high principles that you have cultivated your entire life."

Rui remained silent.

It was true that his affinity for high principles was something that most people simply weren't able to pick up.

However, the reason that this was the case wasn't because he had an 'affinity' for high principles, per se. It's just that he had a lifetime spent in science.

Or, more technically, he had the memories of a man who had spent his entire life in science.

This meant that he could harness the principles of advanced Physics in his Martial Art with far greater ease and to a far greater degree than other Martial Artists could even dream of.

This was not as immediately noticeable as his affinity for thought and the strength of his mind.

However, there was no doubt that the Panamic Martial Federation had had its eye on Rui for a long time. Hell, he was sure that even the Martial Union knew about his abnormal affinity for high principles.

"The Panamic Martial Federation is indeed deeply curious as to how such a young Martial Artist has such a deep affinity for high principles," Master Gern remarked with an intrigued tone. "Frankly, we have absolutely no idea. None of our Masters and even Sages have an idea as to how such a thing happened. How can a person be born with an affinity for the force of gravity? Such a thing simply does not make sense, wouldn't you agree?"

Rui knew better than to offer any decisive comment on that.

He had an interest in keeping the truth hidden, he had absolutely no idea how any of them would react if they knew that he was some kind of product created from the hypnotic brainwashing with the implantation of another man's memories.

Who knew what they would do if they learned of such a truth?

He had no reason to risk it for nothing.

"I do not know why I have such an affinity for high principles, elder Master," Rui quickly replied. "However, what I can say is that I have indeed benefited from this gift."

"Hm, so it is true that you do have a gift for high principles," the man remarked. "What I can say is that even if you do not particularly need help in that regard, the Panamic Martial Federation has compiled several high principles and how one might go about employing them in Martial Art. As long as you are willing to share some of the mechanics of your high principles and their training methodology, we are willing to reciprocate and do the same."

Rui stirred as he considered the offer of the elder Martial Master. This was perhaps the first offer that Rui didn't find highly disagreeable. Perhaps it was worth sharing some of his techniques with high principles in order to gain equally valuable techniques.

The keywords being 'equally valuable techniques.'

He was absolutely unwilling to share his valuable techniques without equivalent compensation. He was quite attached to his techniques, after all.

"I'm not principally opposed to such a trade, but only if I genuinely believe that the offered techniques are truly worth the ones that you seek," Rui calmly replied. "It all depends on the specifics of the agreement."

Master Gern smiled good-naturedly. "That's good to know."

-Nôv(el)B\\jnn



Chapter 2171  Corrected Approach



His briefing continued for a while longer as the elderly Martial Master reached to what was the most important part of the Master briefing.

"The path to the Sage Realm is long and difficult," the elder Master continued with a melancholic tone. "It is one that I have given up on myself, resigned to guiding others to a treasure I cannot possess."

He shook his head. "It is not easy to know who one is."

"I am aware of the difficulties," Rui replied with certainty. "However, I intend to overcome them. I do not intend to let myself be halted by this challenge, as long as I gain enough power, I'm sure that I will be able to overcome the barrier to the Sage Realm."

Rui had already put the matter aside and focused on gaining more power to understand himself. If power was the answer, then he could just put aside thinking about the traumatizing revelations that the Divine Doctor had divulged to him.

"It is true that power is the best path to Master Realm. However, it is not an excuse to simply pursue it mindlessly without deeply dedicating yourself to understanding yourself. At the end of the day, it is you who must understand yourself. Power can simply help you along the way. However if you do not dedicate thought to it, then it will be meaningless. It seems you have been informed about the path that Martial Masters must follow to reach the Sage Realm already, so tell me, how much time have you genuinely given to answering the simple question 'Who am I?'"

Rui closed his eyes as he thought about his time past four years since he broke through to the Master Realm.

Most of that time had gone into training the Yin-Yang Spear technique.

After that, he had spent most of his time sparring for experience in the manifold for a year, which translated to less than a month in real-time.

In all that time, how much time had he truly spent thinking about who he was? Nôv(el)B\\jnn

"…None at all." Rui's voice was faint.

"Mmm," Master Gern gazed at him knowingly. "I did the same thing. For a century, I mindlessly pursued power without thinking about who I was. Yet, at the end, I realized I had come no closer to understanding who I am. My power showed me, yes, but I did not pay it any heed and simply pursued more power mindlessly as I had. By the time I realized my folly, I had already burned out and lost my Martial Drive. To this day, it is my single greatest regret. Do not follow in my path, young Master."

His tone was severe and intense, rich with regret.

To others, it was a deeply introspective and immersing question.

To Rui, however, it was deeply traumatic at worst and highly disturbing at best.

Rui grew serious as he contemplated his words. It was true that he too seldom paid any thought to who he actually was in the past four years.

It couldn't be helped.

To others, it was a deeply introspective and immersing question.

To Rui, however, it was deeply traumatic at worst and highly disturbing at best.

Perhaps it wouldn't have been had the Divine Doctor not shared with Rui the revelations that he did. However, he couldn't go back in time and undo the past. He had asked for the truth and he had gotten his answer.

"I will…be sure to pay more mind to this from here on out," Rui promised.

"Good. I am not blaming you, of course," he reassured. "The truth is that knowing one's self is not the natural state of order. Normally, people are never meant to know who they are. This is because it helps us cope with the truth that we are not who we wish we were. People are walking bags of irrationality, self-contradiction, and hypocrisy. Yet, these are inevitable outcomes of a mind that evolved to survive. Many believe that the separation between mind and soul exists to protect the mind from the horrors of the soul."

Normally, Rui could not care less about such philosophical and psychological considerations. However, given that this was relevant to his path to the Sage Realm, he couldn't help but indulge in it, falling into an introspective mood.

"Thus, if given an excuse, one will gladly avoid confronting who they are," Master Gern remarked with an erudite tone. "Pursuing power to reach the Sage Realm, is one such excuse that ruined my path to a higher Realm of power and may ruin yours, should you not change your ways. You cannot run away from who you are. Warning new Martial Masters of this very folly is one of the reasons that I joined the Panamic Martial Federation as a briefer after I retired from active combat."

"I appreciate your warning." Rui's tone grew grateful. "I shall bear them in mind from here on out."

"Mmm, good." He nodded. "If you find it difficult to confront yourself continuously, then I would recommend a simple technique that the Panamic Martial Federation has recently developed: the Dream Technique."

Rui raised an eyebrow. "There's a Martial Art technique to help with reaching the Sage Realm?"

"Not a Martial Art technique, no." He shook his head. "An ordinary technique, one that just about anybody can use. Always fall asleep to the question of 'who am I?' Doing this will increase the probability that you will experience a dream triggered by associations to that question."

Rui considered the advice, stirring. "Dreams…"

"Dreams are believed to be created by the soul," he nodded. "There has been more than one Martial Master who has broken to the Sage Ream in their dreams and many who have made immense progress to knowing who they are through insights obtained in dreams."

Rui's eyes lit up with interest at this revelation.

It was fascinating to know that the dreams could increase the probability of reaching the Sage Realm.

However, considering how difficult his path was and how disturbing the memories associated with the question 'Who am I?' were, there was a good chance that he would experience nightmares instead of dreams.



Chapter 2172  Pragmatic Incentives



Soon after the elderly Martial Master was satisfied with Rui's heeding of his warning, he moved on to other topics that were less important. He espoused the duty that Martial Masters had as Martial Artists in the Martial World, how they were leaders of Martial Art in their own right and had a moral obligation to guide Martial Artists of the younger generations just like they had been guided by the generations before them.

Of course, this wasn't just an argument of ethics.

There were real pragmatic reasons why Martial Masters were inclined to look after the younger generations.

"The stronger and better guided the future generations of Martial Art are, the more dominant Martial Art will be in human civilization," Master Gern calmly informed Rui. "The more dominant Martial Art is, the more dominant Martial Masters will be. In addition, should there ever come a day when you have run out of avenues for the pursuit of power, this simple aid to the younger generations can come back to help you by giving inspiration to you in return when you need it, perhaps even when you don't."

Rui nodded. He did see the merit in this kind of investment form of reasoning to guide the younger generations purely for self-interest.

"This rationale also applies to Martial Sects," Rui noted.

Master Gern nodded appreciatively. "That's true. On that note, the Panamic Martial Federation is aware that you have plans to formally commence your own Martial Sect. We are interested in investing in the sect to further accelerate its growth when the time comes in exchange for a share of all techniques the sect eventually obtains."

Rui considered the offer, shrugging nonchalantly. "I mean, I'm not principally opposed to it. It will depend on the details."

He did not particularly mind such trade deals as long as his techniques and sect were given their due recognition.

Master Gern continued to speak to Rui about what it meant to be Martial Master, reminding him of what was and wasn't permitted by the Panamic Martial Federation. A solid proportion of the most important laws of the Panamic Martial Federation targeted Martial Artists of the Higher Realms simply due to how much destruction they could unleash if they wanted to, and the number of forces that could stop them was far fewer than when they had been in the Lower Realms.

An out-of-control Apprentice was hardly significant or dangerous by any measure.

After all, virtually all nation-states and other human groups and organizations were capable of stopping them due to possessing Martial Apprentices of their own.

While this was less true for Squires and Seniors, there were enough of both for nation-states to handle them in the case of an emergency.

For Martial Masters, however, this was simply not true. An overwhelming proportion of human civilization was entirely defenseless against Martial Masters, and the number of Masters available to deal with them should they go out of control was also far less.

That was precisely one of the reasons that the Panamic Martial Federation stepped in and filled the void.

It was not perfect, of course, but it did the trick. Even Martial Masters of the Underworld needed to be careful. Unlike their nation-states that had no choice but to overlook their crimes against humanity, the Panamic Martial Federation was more than powerful enough to wipe them off the face of the world.

"I have no intention of committing Martial genocide, rest assured." Rui calmly remarked.

"Mmm, the Panamic Martial Federation is pleased by your relationship with human civilization." Master Gern nodded approvingly. "However, it's more than just your conduct, you must also be careful to not release your Martial Embodiment bare before humans. At least, law-abiding citizens. The Panamic Martial Federation does not care if you exterminate the pests of human civilization."

'That must be why Master Zeamer managed to get off despite baring his Martial Embodiment to a large region,' Rui realized.

The man had spread an immense amount of suffering to many people of various drug trafficking mafias in the Gereign Region. But because they weren't people protected by the human rights charter of the Panamic Martial Federation, Master Zeamer got away with it.

Once the elderly Martial Master went over all the topics that they were due to cover, the briefing came to an end. "I'm aware that we may not have gotten off on the right foot, Master Rui," Master Gern began. "However, it has been a good time speaking to you and informing you on the must-knows of Martial Masters. I truly hope you will give everything that we have discussed a serious thought. Should Martial Art's dominance be threatened, all Martial Artists will suffer a serious decline in our power. That is a scenario that will deeply harm both of us. We must put aside nationalism and share power for the sake of the class of Martial Artists."

Rui scoffed inwardly at his words.

Of course, when they wanted power, they would appeal to the noble sentiment of class struggles as they demanded the method of mass Apprentice breakthroughs from the Kandrian Empire.

However, there was never any possibility that Rui would ever surrender to the Panamic Martial Federation. No amount of resources could ever justify anything like that ever happening to him.

"I will give everything we have talked about its due consideration," Rui made a vague promise. "Mmm, good. With that, our talk has come to an end. I look forward to our next encounter."

Rui quickly reciprocated his words before swifty leaving the venue as he headed away, deep in thought.

Yet, his thoughts had already moved on from the conversation he had with Master Gern. He did experience pressure to reveal the mass Apprentice breakthroughs, just like he and his father had predicted, but it was ultimately no big deal. What came next, however, was the biggest issue.

His Martial evaluation.

It would be the first time he would be facing Master Uma in eighteen years. Nôv(el)B\\jnn

-



Chapter 2173  Do You Hate Me?



If he said that he wasn't unnerved by the prospect of meeting her, he would be lying because his heart was pounding with energy. He knew he needed to exercise self-control to ensure that he didn't just lash out at her and kill her where she stood.

The rational part of his mind urged him not to react and simply to pretend that he had no idea who the hell she was.

His mind considered the prospect that there was a different Martial Master who went by the name of Uma.

Of course, this was highly implausible.

There were only so many Martial Masters; there was an extremely low probability that there were two Martial Masters out there with an unusual name like Uma.

No, there was no doubt that this was her.

The evaluation was prepared shortly after the briefing without too much of a waste of time, no more than an hour. However, it felt like forever to Rui.

Each minute, each second stretched out to what felt like an eternity.

It was an agonizing wait.

Yet, eventually, it came.

STEP

He arrived before the door.

His designated venue for the evaluation to occur.

He heaved a deep breath, pushing the door open.

CLACK

The doors swung open, revealing a seated panel of Martial Masters that awaited.

And her.

She sat at the edge of the table, simply gazing at him with a powerful gaze. Garbed in the ethnic Martial attire of the Virodhabhasa Theocracy, she gave off a deep sense of piety unlike anybody else that Rui had ever come across.

A soft smile emerged on her face upon his arrival.

Yet, Rui didn't acknowledge her existence directly.

"Greeting Masters." Rui brought his fist and palm together in a Martial greeting. "I am Rui Quarrier Silas Kandria of the Kandrian Empire. I look forward to the evaluation of the Panamic Martial Federation."

"Welcome, Master Rui." The Master at the center nodded as he stood up, exchanging Rui's gesture. "I am Master Jenile of the Panamic Martial Federation, tasked with the duty of evaluating your Martial profile. Let me begin by saying that you do not have to disclose the entirety of your Martial Arts; nowhere will we pressure you to do so. In fact, according to the Panamic Martial Federation, most Martial Artists do not disclose their full power to us…" As he continued droning on about the evaluation, Rui couldn't help but direct his senses to Master Uma, who sat a short distance from him.

Her gaze bore into his body.

It was a gaze of evaluation.

In their last encounter, he had been merely a Martial Squire. He had grown astronomically stronger since then, having eventually reached the Master Realm. n/o/vel/b//in dot c//om

She couldn't help but furiously pore over every detail about him that she could, scouring every inch of his body, trying to understand his current state of being.

She wasn't the only one.

'She's grown stronger since then.' He needed to exert herculean self-control on his body language.

However, he was certain of his evaluation.

She had indeed grown stronger.

It wasn't as though he had gotten a great understanding of how strong she had been from the previous encounter. However, he knew that she was much stronger, instinctively.

Displeasure flashed in his eyes.

"…Master Rui?" Master Jenile asked, tilting his head in confusion. "Is anything the issue?"

Rui broke out of his internal maelstrom of issues. "Ah, I'm sorry. It's nothing at all."

He was extremely relieved that none of them could sense his internal turmoil with their mind sense.

They would be able to sense his bloodlust, after all.

However, in turn, he could sense their minds due to his vastly superior mind sense.

This worked to his advantage as he could sense her emotions if he wanted.

However, in the depths of her mind, he could sense a single thing.

Reverence.

Devoted, pious reverence.

Reverence directed towards him.

She knew that he could sense the depths of her mind, but that only intensified the emotion that she experienced in the depths of her heart.

Yet, it only evoked disgust within him.

He wanted to tear her apart then and there.

Yet, he reined in the deep bloodlust he felt towards her.

He couldn't afford to kill her here.

His rational mind knew that.

Yet, it was hard to ignore the urge and the itch.

His hatred towards her was deeply entrenched due to what she had done to him and how she had made him feel. "…With all that said, shall we begin?" Master Jenile's voice broke him out of his mental turmoil, drawing his attention to the present. The location they were in was large enough to accommodate a battle between Martial Masters fully.

Rui nodded his head slowly. "I'm ready."

He actually had completely zoned out of everything the man had said, but oh well, surely the rules couldn't be complicated.

All he needed to do was spar with the religious fanatic, and then he would be evaluated.

"Then, without any further ado, let us begin." Master Jenile turned toward Master Uma. "Master Uma, if you will." "…" Master Uma got up slowly, gazing at Rui like with eyes of devotion. A single remark escaped her.

"It would be my sacred duty."

Rui's disgust only grew while the other Masters of the evaluation panel frowned in confusion at her strange word choice.

The air grew heavy.

It grew frosty as the two Masters traveled to the center of the Master-level battlefield.

STEP

A perilous edge overtook the atmosphere as the Martial Masters faced each other.

Time slowed down as Rui's eyes met her pious gaze upon him.

A flood of memories and emotions of old overcame him as he gazed at her.

Hatred. Fear. Frustration.

She had been responsible for all of it.

His expression steeled with bloodlust as he gritted his teeth, clenching his fist.

In the depths of his pitch-black eyes stirred a deep darkness.

A void.

Yet, a single question lingered in the depths of the eyes of the older woman.

'Do you hate me, O Lord Virodhabhasa?' It was a question that only evoked greater hatred from within him.

-





Chapter 2174  Rage



Rui glared at her with the darkness of a thousand nights.

'Do you loathe me?' Her eyes gazed into his with pious devotion. 'Do you wish to kill me?'

It took a herculean effort not to show her the answers to her questions with his actions.

It took more self-control than he had ever mustered to stay his rage until the battle formally commenced.

Yet, even then, he felt a deep frustration at his inability to kill her on this occasion.

Disapproval flickered in her eyes.

'The Antithesis shan't be bound by the force of man.'

Her expression grew more forceful.

'Lord Virodhabhasa mustn't cede to worldly shackles.'

Her eyes bore into his with a powerful gaze.

It was as though she was trying to overwrite who he was with her vision of the Antithesis.

'You are not ready…' She gazed at him with clear eyes. 'For you do not even know who you are.'

Rui's eyes grew darker as the air between them boiled tumultuously.

'Lord Virodhabhasa knows no uncertainty of self.' She spoke to him from the depths of her eyes. 'Come, let me show you who you are. Let me show you—'

"Shut up."

Rui's voice was laced with hatred and disgust.

Everything she said simply fueled his rage. He hated the vision that she had for who he was.

He hated the pious devotion that he saw in her eyes.

He hated the reverence that he could feel in the depths of her soul.

It was love.

A deep, twisted, sickening love.

Yet, it was directed not at him as he was.

No.

That love was for the person that she wanted to turn him into in her delusions of his godhood.

It was his Martial Path and Martial Art that she truly cared about.

To her, Rui the person, his personality and temperament, all of it was simply the mortal impurity that needed to be cleansed away from the Antithesis.

It evoked deep fury unlike anything he had ever experienced.

"Take your stances," Master Jenile instructed, entirely and blissfully unaware of what unfolded between them, for merely half a second had passed.

Non-verbal communication was exponentially faster than verbal communication.

Master Uma simply spread her arms while her legs firmly supported her weight.

Rui closed his eyes as he took his classic stance.

One that was cleanly balanced between offense, defense, and maneuvering.

Of course, he had some idea of what her Martial Art was like, having seen it twice. Once during Virodhabhasa's first round, and once during the time she had attacked Rui, and Master Deivon had fought to hold her back.

'You reminisce of a man in the past.'

Rui's eyes grew severe as she seemed to be able to read his mind despite the fact that her mind sense should have been entirely ineffective against him.

He had schooled his body language and non-verbal communication as much as possible, yet she still somehow intuited his thoughts. It only added to the disgust he felt at being so transparent to someone that had such a twisted view of him.

Yet he knew that she lied.

The Beggar's Sect had informed him of reports that Master Deivon had entered deep, isolated training under Sage Sariawar in the Virodhabhasa Theocracy.

Yet, when he peered into her mind, he could sense pure, unadulterated sincerity.

There wasn't a hint of deceit or deception.

Chills went down his spine as that only deepened his fears. 'Do you really think that non-believer was a match for me?' A sneering look emerged on her face. 'He deserves what has happened to him. He deserves it for impeding my divine duty to mold the Antithesis.'

"You…" Rui's expression crumbled. "What have you done…?"

A profound smile appeared on her face. "Who knows?"

It was at that moment that Rui came to learn what true rage felt like.

"Begin!" Master Jenile frowned at the strange words that the two exchanged but commenced the battle nonetheless.

Unbeknownst to him, the battle had already begun in spirit.

BADUMP!!

Two Martial Hearts and Minds burst into action as the two Martial Masters drew out their true power from within them.

An ephemeral storm emerged from the depths of Master Uma's eyes as her Martial Embodiment bloomed in all its tempestuous glory, sweeping across the vast expanse of the Master-level battlefield.

Yet, it wasn't merely an illusion.

No. n/o/vel/b//in dot c//om

"Tempestuous Whirlwind Sword." A whisper escaped Master Uma as she activated a technique that birthed a storm that overlapped over her Martial Embodiment.

It was a manifestation of absolute harmony and a perfect synergy between the Martial Mind and Martial Art. An extremely rare feat.

The winds of her technique only multiplied as its scope continuously rose.

It had grown far stronger than it had been eighteen years ago.

Yet, what was to come had already arrived.

The world held its breath as Rui's Martial Embodiment erupted from deep within the depths of the microcosm of his mind.

It subsumed heaven and earth in its vengeful fury.

An infinite void.

The panel of Martial Masters witnessing the battle widened their eyes in sheer horror at the power of Rui's Martial Mind.

Never before had they beheld such an otherworldly Martial Embodiment.

Never before had they beheld such an astronomical capacity of thought.

While the Martial Masters had come to accept the anomaly that was Rui and had grown used to his truly unprecedented power of mind, the same could not be said for Martial Masters who were witnessing it for the very first time.

The Martial Master who was tasked with evaluating Ruis Martial Mind was simply frozen with an aghast expression on her face as she witnessed systems of thought far greater than anything she had ever thought possible.

However, this was just the beginning.

A single whisper escaped Rui.

"Muspelheim." WHOOOOOSH!!!

An inferno the likes of which none of them had seen before emerged from within Rui as the realm of fire descended upon heaven and earth.

It reflected the fury that Rui felt emerging from the depths of his heart.

WHOOOOOSH!!!

The first clash of the battle was the storm colliding with the inferno.

-



Chapter 2175  Clash of Principles



Master Uma's eyes lit up with delight at the extraordinary domain that Rui outputted. She had not expected him to have such a powerful domain that was clearly based on high principles.

"Indeed, for even heaven and earth bow down to the Antithesis."

Yet, she was not resigned to ceding ground to her Godling, even if he was her God in the making.

Precisely because she was not ready yet.

She pushed her breathing to the very limit as she strengthened her winds with even greater power, generating powerful currents that surged straight toward Rui, threatening to tear him where he stood.

Yet, they never reached him.

WHOOSH…

Master Uma's eyes widened with surprise as Rui surged on unperturbed, and the winds faded by the time they reached him. This was the same tactic that Rui had used against the chimera's angel side in his battle against it.

The extremely high temperatures of the Muspelheim were able to batter the wind currents that Master Uma was generating with her techniques. Every attack she threw at him was deeply weakened by the time it reached him.

However, Muspelheim was highly expensive as a defense.

It was not something that could be maintained for very long, even if he could handle it much better than when he had been a Senior due to the Sandflower Nectar Potion. If not for its perfect defense to the wide-scale and long-range offensive of his opponent, there wouldn't be much of a value proposition due to how much energy it consumed.

He needed to end the battle before he lost his stamina.

And his self-control.

STEP

With outer convergence and Gale Force Breathing, he surged towards unperturbed at remarkable speeds. Ordinarily, anybody who stepped within the range of Master Uma's storm would get shredded to the finest confetti. The storm served as both her bodyguard and her offense.

Yet, the heat of the Muspelheim domain protected Rui from the omnidirectional storm that enveloped the entire domain, ensuring he didn't suffer any harm.

In just a moment, he had arrived before her.

"Consider this mercy," he growled as a powerful blow surged towards her, threatening to knock her out.

Yet, it never reached.

WHOOOOOSH!!!

Moments before the attack could make contact with its target, the surrounding storm rapidly compressed, coiling to form a hyper-dense tornado around its user.

It didn't block his attack.

No.

But its powerful currents redirected it, causing it to veer off target.

WHOOSH!

By the time his attack ended, his fist was far away from its target, causing him to veer off-balance before he could realize it.

Master Uma was not kind enough to ignore the opening he presented her.

WHOOOSH!

A large amount of sharp winds surged towards him in the blink of an eye.

BOOOM!!

The impact flung him a good distance away. If not for the fact that the predictive model foresaw the attack, he wouldn't have been able to defend himself in time.

Master Uma frowned as she realized that the impact of her attacks had been diminished. It wasn't until the flames grew hotter that she realized what had happened.

"You converted the force of my winds into the heat of your domain…" Her eyes widened with surprise. "This must be the power of high principles."

The Muspelheim technique, by design, was meant to sustain itself by feeding off his opponent's power. Rui absorbed impacts through Flux Earther and, instead of harmlessly spilling the energy back into heaven and earth, he used it to fuel the heat of the domain through thermoacoustic conduction.

While Master Uma admired the remarkably powerful heat domain that Rui had created, he had begrudgingly come to respect her power.

'She has completely erased her close-quarters weakness.' He narrowed his eyes as he analyzed her technique. 'Without any glaring weaknesses, I probably cannot end this battle as quickly as I hoped to. Oh well, for now, I can stick to gaining more data.'

Yet, she acted against his intentions as though she possessed the means to intuit them. She conjured a power barrier of wind to cocoon around her, preventing him from being able to perceive her.

She knew that he possessed the remarkable ability to, via his systems of thought, gain deep insight into his opponent through a thorough analysis of what he saw. In the past eighteen years, she had developed a solution to just that, successfully creating a wind barrier that isolated her from any transfer of information or energy.

Rui's expression grew uglier as she managed to impede even his mind sense.

By doing so, the development of his SOUL model was hampered.

Yet, that wasn't all.

WHOOOSH!

Rui stirred as the storm grew larger and larger, intensifying by the second.

Not for no reason.

CRACK CRACK CRACK!

Rui's eyebrow rose as the storm began churning up the ground, which was made up of esoteric substances that were meant to ensure that the battlefield did not leak the energy output of the two Masters.

The storm ground at the bedrock of the battlefield as a larger amount of gravel and sand got caught in the winds of her technique. Nôv(el)B\\jnn

Her intentions were clear.

While Muspelheim could impede her wind attacks by battering the wind currents, it could not impede tiny projectiles because the domain did not exert unidirectional force.

WHOOOSH!

A storm of gravel and sand was flung at Rui at remarkably high speeds, threatening to burrow into his flesh with their momentum. "Tsk." Rui's expression grew dissatisfied as he activated Nemean Blossom, withstanding the incoming influx of sand and gravel that threatened to tear him apart. In this particular battle, durability was a more optimal choice to pursue than speed or strength. The sand was dangerous but it merely threatened to do surface-level damage at best. There was no better option than Nemean Blossom.

THWOOM THWOOM THWOOM THWOOM THWOOM!!

Rui fired a barrage of sonic bullets, testing her defense as he maneuvered around, ensuring that she wasn't able to easily attack him.

Much to his surprise, however, the attacks were simply absorbed.

-



Chapter 2176  Gravelous Storm



Each sonic attack was instantly absorbed into the cocoon that surrounded her, protecting her from being exposed to him. In turn, the tornado that surrounded her only grew stronger, clearly fueled by his attacks.

She could absorb sound to empower her winds.

Rui narrowed his eyes as he realized that the only way to crack her shield was through close-quarters combat. On the other hand, she possessed a defense that powerfully redirected all incoming impacts. WHOOSH WHOOSH WHOOSH!

Rui maneuvered around, withstanding and avoiding the attacks of sand and gravel that she continuously threw at him while he thought of the most optimal strategy to overcome her defenses.

The first thing that came to mind was, of course, his Yin-Yang Spear technique. Normally, he reserved its use in combat till after he completed a SOUL model on his opponents. However, in this case, she had come prepared for his analytical systems of thought, somehow impeding his mind sense.

Still, he used it after he had both the predictive model and the SOUL model because the technique required too much prep time—hitting a moving opponent required knowing how his opponent would move.

However, in this particular case, his opponent couldn't move.

She had cocooned herself in a powerful tornado that was undoubtedly an extremely powerful defensive technique.

However, despite the fact that she couldn't move, the Yin-Yang Spear technique was still ill-suited in its synergy against this particular technique. The Yin-Yang Spear technique required actual contact with the target to deploy its devastating power against it. In other words, a defensive technique that functioned by ensuring that the attack did not connect with the user was the perfect counter to such a technique.

'So, in other words, she absorbs long-range heaven-based techniques and redirects close-quarter offensive techniques with her powerful blows.' Rui tutted as he continued to avoid her attacks one after another. 'That defensive technique is a problem, I need to get rid of it.'

However, getting rid of it was just as problematic for the same reason. His long-range techniques would get absorbed while his close-quarters blows would get redirected.

The only technique that had proven to be effective so far was his Muspelheim domain.

However, his Muspelheim domain only worked on her regular winds. Her defensive technique was comprised of her super-dense winds that were not dispelled by the powerful fiery domain. He would need much greater temperatures to tear her defense apart.

Instantly, a germ of an idea formed in his mind.

Yet, Master Uma was not content with giving him much leeway to strategize.

BOOM BOOM BOOM!!! Powerful spikes of winds and molten esoteric gravel were flung at him as Rui's expression grew grave.

WHOOSH WHOOSH WHOOSH!!!

He evaded them, pirouetting through the air. The lethality of her attacks rose with each passing second, forcing him to rely more on maneuvering in that regard. Yet, he couldn't reduce his Nemean Blossom in favor of relying more on Neo Godspeed.

She was hoping he would. After all, she could deal with speed much easier than she could deal with a tough opponent. Speed could easily be dealt with by spreading her winds everywhere, getting rid of any space to dodge and avoid. Against a tough opponent, she needed to focus her power instead, which ironically made it easier to defend against.

BOOM BOOM BOOM!!!

Rui blocked a barrage of attacks from the lava storm, leaping away with a displeased expression as his eyes flashed with anger.

She was using his domain as a heating unit to make her attacks more lethal. By heating up her projectiles with it, she made them more dangerous when she flung them at him. On top of that, he couldn't absorb heat with Flux Earther, only the kinetic energy, forcing Nemean Blossom to pick up the slack.

A strange cyclical flow of energy had come to take place in the battle, flowing back and forth between the two combatants.

Master Uma used his domain to heat up the gravel that she had churned up from the ground to make her gravel attacks more lethal due to the higher temperatures, while he used Flux Earther to absorb the kinetic energy that she imparted to the projectiles, using it to fuel the Muspelheim domain.

In other words, they each used each other's energies against each other. That was why Rui allowed the attacks to hit him, even though he could easily dodge them with his predictive model. He needed to absorb her energy over time through the Muspelheim domain in order to increase the temperature so that he could crack the extraordinary defense that protected her. Yet, of the two of them, only one had to use their systems of thought. Deep within her cocoon, Master Uma opened her eyes.

"Preparations complete," she remarked. "STORM System activated."

The STORM System, or the Strategic Topological Operational Resource Management System, was a system of thought that she had created after being inspired by Rui himself. She had come came to admire how his systematic and analytical manner of collecting and processing data to make inferences, predictions, and even decisions could create such a massive difference in combat.

It had taken took her nearly two decades to create and upgrade her Martial Mind with a system of thought that was as data-intensive as his.

Today, she would find out whether she had succeeded or not.

WHOOSH!

Rui's eyes widened as the winds deviated off of his prediction, behaving contrary to the predictive model.

BOOOM!!! n/o/vel/b//in dot c//om

"Rgh…!" He grimaced as it successfully cornered him, swallowing him up as it buried him in molten lava, causing him to suffocate deep within it. For a moment, all one could see was a fiery storm circulating molten esoteric slag toward its epicenter, where its target sat, threatening to bury him with a cast that rapidly hardened under the cooling effect of her winds.

Several moments passed as the storm grew more silent, and the Muspelheim domain began crumbling due to a lack of sustenance.

-



Chapter 2177  The Sun



Silence.

Yet, not the silence of defeat.

No.

It was the calm before the storm.

BOOOOOM!!!

Master Uma's eyes widened with shock as an immensely powerful explosion blasted open the tomb of esoteric gravel and storms that sought to bury Rui in their depths.

VMMM…!

The Yin-Yang Spear tore through all her efforts to bury him in the depths of her molten gravel storm. The powerful grade-ten technique might have required contact to actually function, but once it did make contact, there were very few techniques that could equal it.

Master Uma's storms were not among them. n/o/vel/b//in dot c//om

BOOOOOM!!!

Rui blasted away shells of molten esoteric gravel with a singular attack, overcoming her resistance.

None of the Masters witnessing the technique with their powerful senses were able to understand how the technique functioned. Even when he didn't generate much torque due to being buried in molten slag, he didn't seem to have any particular trouble generating massive amounts of power.

Furthermore, Master Uma could tell that he wasn't using the powerful muscle form of his Metabody System to generate all that power. Yet, somehow, his powerful offense was able to generate extremely intense collisions that blasted away everything it came into contact with.

That only brought her more delight.

She marveled at the sheer amount of power that he cultivated while she applied her STORM System to the current information she had gathered. WHOOOSH!!!

Instantly, the dynamics of the battle changed as she repurposed her winds to disperse their molten impacts across the entire surface of his body to gradually weather him down rather than give him the opportunity to use that mysteriously powerful technique of his.

It was the best way to allocate her wind capital to win the battle.

This was how the STORM System worked.

It treated her storm techniques as capital. This was how the STORM System worked.

It treated her storm techniques as capital. A limited resource.

Then, she applied a systematic approach to figuring out the most effective allocation of these resources in any given circumstance against any given approach. The powerful offensive technique that the object of her reverence demonstrated forced her to redo her strategy on how to take him down.

She began to try and churn from all sides.

WHOOOSH!!!

The Muspelheim domain flared back to life as her opponent reused the technique. This time, however, things were a little different.

"You have my gratitude." Rui's voice emerged from within the fiery domain.

It crackled with anger and displeasure.

"You have shown me the way."

Her eyes lit up as she basked in the expression of hateful gratitude from her God. Yet, what followed shocked even her.

VMMM!!!

Rui's eyes sharpened as he activated the Yin-Yang Spear technique in conjugation with the Muspelheim technique.

He sought to combine them.

The Muspelheim technique employed vibrations to heat up the ground using thermoacoustic conduction and friction. In other words, it was possible to use the vibrations of the Yin-Yang Spear to super-charge the Muspelheim domain and heat up the ground to extraordinary degrees.

Yet, there were drawbacks to doing this. The more he heated the domain, the harder it would be to protect himself from the effects of the domain. Normally, he partially isolated himself from the worst of the domain. After all, although his Martial Body had been conditioned to it, that was solely when he had been a Senior.

It could not handle the full might of the technique with only its own innate constitution.

Heat did not discriminate between the user and the target. If he supercharged the Muspelheim domain with the Yin-Yang Spear, he would undoubtedly be affected.

Yet, as he stared at the powerful storm that surrounded and protected the cocoon within which Master Uma hid from him, he wasn't sure what choice he had. His strategy of using her kinetic energy to superheat his domain just enough to dispel the dense tornado technique that enveloped her had failed.

In other words, he didn't really have much of a choice.

He felt an irrational amount of anger well up inside him at being pushed as far as he was. In any other fight, he would simply accept this without any problems. Yet, when it came to her, he wasn't willing to take it.

Perhaps it was because of how much he hated her.

Regardless, his eyes flickered with rage as he surged forward and rushed into her storm head front with the Yin-Yang Spear prepared. He needed to get as close to her as possible in order to make use of this strategy.

Master Uma, on the other hand, intuitively felt the danger and peril lurking in the depths of his eyes. Centuries of experience had strengthened her instinct, telling her that she couldn't allow him to approach her.

WHOOOOOSH!!!

She mobilized all of her wind capital as she flung at Rui with the effort of pushing him away as far as possible. She instinctively knew that she needed to keep him as far as she could.

The powerful storms picked up gravel, flinging them at him in one direction with the sole purpose of keeping him at a distance.

Yet, it was not enough.

STEP

Rui went as far as to voluntarily take damage by reducing Nemean Blossom bit by bit as he activated Hypertrophic Surge in its place to ensure that she didn't have the power to push him back very easily.

The darkness in the depths of his eyes stirred as he grew closer and closer, overcoming the powerful molten sandstorm that sought to halt his approach.

FSSS…!

His skin began burning and peeling off as the absence of a complete Nemean Blossom allowed the gravel to overcome his raw durability. His nervous system ignited as a tsunami of pain flashed through it.

Yet, as though fueled by pure hatred and anger, he pushed through, not so much as twitching or wincing at the immense pain that flushed through his nervous system.

STEP

Soon enough, he had arrived.

His eyes flared with determined rage, he raised his fist high into the air, before swinging down a Yin-Yang Spear down with all his might.

VMMM…!!!

And in that moment, the Sun descended upon heaven and earth.

-



Chapter 2178  Baptism



As his fist surged down, the destructive resonance of the Yin and Yang vibrations shifted to constructive resonance. The immense power of the dual vibrations of the Yin-Yang Spear technique was poured into the Muspelheim domain as his fist struck the earth. In an instant, the power of one grade-ten technique supercharged another grade-ten technique. Yet, the effect of this far surpassed his estimations; the two techniques possessed an even greater synergy than he had ever expected from them.

Their combination led to a monstrous outcome that surpassed the sum of the parts.

BOOOOOM!!!

A tremendous explosion roared across the battlefield as what might as well have been a supernova erupted from the domain's epicenter.

A white-hot fireball of pure destruction spread.

It swallowed Rui in an instant.

Yet, it didn't stop there.

No.

It erupted, consuming Master Uma in a split second before consuming her storm effortlessly. Before an inferno of such immense magnitude, before the ungodly fusion of two extraordinary grade-ten techniques, even her storms were no more than a paltry breeze.

Yet, even as the heat consumed her, she only felt a single emotion.

Love.

She gazed at Rui with loving eyes filled with devotion and reverence.

He gazed back at her with hatred, rage, and pain.

His entire body was set ablaze, turning his visage into that of a fiery force of nature in her eyes.

"Truly, you are the Antithesis." Her voice grew euphoric as the flames eroded her away. "It's been an honor serving you."

She worshiped him as her God as well as her own child whom she had helped raise into the man he was today.

She laid bare her emotions to him.

Her love. Her devotion. Her reverence. Yet they only evoked disgust from him.

As he gazed at her, his urge grew stronger.

He knew that he ought not to do it.

As he gazed at her, his urge grew stronger.

He knew that he ought not to do it.

Every rational part of his mind pleaded with him not to do it.

Yet, as he beheld her eyes through the storm of fire that consumed them, his body moved on its own, driven by his desire to kill her for all the torment she had inflicted on him. It did not seem to care that it had been set on fire.

It did not seem to care about the ocean of pain coursing through his nervous system at the moment.

No.

At that moment, his body moved on its own, surging forward.

It was only when his dying body triggered a second Yin-Yang Spear, supercharging his Muspelheim to astronomical levels of power a second time, that he finally gained a fragment of enlightenment.

'Ah…' Time slowed down to a crawl in his eyes as they lit up with understanding. '…I see.'

A single truth had become clear to him.

'I'm not as rational as I thought I was.'

He had taken one more step in the journey to understanding who he was.

Yet, at what cost?

BOOOOOM!!!

His fist struck Master Uma as a second singularity of heat emerged, consuming her alive.

Yet, her love, devotion, and reverence only grew even as she approached death.

She had been waiting for this day for eighteen years.

Since that fateful day eighteen years ago, when she had failed to capture her deity, impeded by that stubborn fool, Deivon.

The two of them had fought for quite some time that day. Master Deivon had managed to stall for her a long time despite being much weaker than her, eventually wearing her down until their Realms of power ran out.

"Hahaha…" Master Deivon had laughed weakly, lying flat on the ground.

His body had been a mess, battered and gouged bloody by Master Uma's potent attacks.

"HOW DARE YOU?!" Master Uma had bellowed with rage. Master Deivon laughed even more. "You… will never reach him. He is beyond your reach, and when you do find him, it will be because he will have the power to kill you."

His voice grew ominous even as it grew weaker.

Yet, before Master Uma could retort, she froze.

They both did.

A deeply powerful aura swept over both of them, sending chills down their spines.

A being of a higher Realm.

"I see that the two of you…" Sage Sariawar smiled. "…have been up to no good."

Master Deivon's eyes lit up with hope. "Your Excellency! I wish to report treason!"

Master Uma closed her eyes in resignation.

It was over.

SPLAT!

Her eyes opened with shock as she beheld Master Deivon's severed head hitting the ground. Her eyes turned to Sage Sariawar, stunned. "Your Excellency." Nôv(el)B\\jnn

"Uma…" The Cardinal Sage shifted her gaze to the Martial Master, her expression not changing so much as a shade. "Do you wish to put that seed into the Antithesis?"

Master Uma narrowed her eyes. "He is not a seed, and he is the Antithesis. And I will mold him in the shape of Lord Virodhabhasa."

"You are not strong enough," Sage Sariawar mercilessly told her. "If you were a Sage, perhaps. But as a Master, your life is insignificant before his. He will surpass you before you can ever hope to find him."

Her tone, ruthless as her words were, was kind.

Master Uma's expression grew more severe. "Then…"

"Fear not, for there is still a way that you can mold him in the image of the Antithesis." Sage Sariawar smiled. Master Uma's eyes lit up with hope as Sage Sariawar's smile grew wider.

"If you are unable to impact him in life, then you can do so in death."

Master Uma grew stunned at her words.

"If you have conviction, I can help you serve as a step in his Martial Path," Sage Sariawar remarked. "I can help you baptize him with your death."

"I am willing." Master Uma grew determined. "Show me how, O Cardinal Sage."

An eerie smile emerged on Sage Sariawar's face. "With the power vested in me as a Cardinal Sage, I hereby banish you from the Virodhabhasa Theocracy." Sage Sariawar's declaration shook Master Uma. "Go. Leave the Theocracy. Join the eastern branch of the Panamic Martial Federation. One day, he will arrive atop its abode, and you will have one final opportunity before even your death will lose meaning."

-



Chapter 2179  Rising Sun



Eighteen years later, Master Uma finally found herself at the altar of death, consumed by the wrath of Lord Virodhabhasa himself. Her final vision was that of the Antithesis glaring at her with boundless hatred, rage, and pain, clad in a divine armor of fire.

A God in human form.

"The universe bows to Lord Virodhabhasa," she whispered even as the flames ate her alive. "I bow to Lord Virodhabhasa."

BOOOOOM!!!!!

The hungry sun consumed her whole, leaving nothing behind.

Yet, it was not satisfied.

It expanded in an instant, consuming the entire battlefield.

Yet, it never stopped. It didn't slow down.

It only continued to accelerate.

It only continued to expand even further.

So much so that not even the evaluating Martial Masters were safe from its clutches. Their expressions grew grave as their Martial Hearts and Martial Minds blazed into power, protecting not just themselves but also seeking to contain the power that emerged from Rui.

Ordinarily, this was not something that they would be worried about.

Each Master-level chamber was designed to contain power greater than the limits of the Master Realm.

However…

RUMBLE!!!

For the first time in their careers as evaluators of the Panamic Martial Federation, they came to fear that a Master-level chamber might just not hold.

Their fears were not unjustified. They grew alarmed as they felt the powerful and vast infrastructure shaking under the weight of what felt like a calamity, sending shudders across the entire battlefield facility.

RUMBLE!!!!!

Much to their horror, the attack seemed to grow much stronger and stronger, as if fueled a second time. The more it expanded, the more the explosion wavefront seemed to grow greater and greater. It was terrifyingly counter-intuitive in ways that seemed to defy common sense.

None of them understood if this was part of the technique. It was difficult to imagine that this was part of it.

After all, why would Master Rui dare to use something this intense if he knew it was going to be this dangerous?

This was merely an evaluation. Most Martial Masters did not go all out in order to ensure that they didn't reveal their trump cards.

It was common sense.

After all, the Panamic Martial Federation existed for all Martial Artists, not any individual one. There was no point in trying to show all their secrets when this information could be used against any of them.

Yet, Master Rui seemed to be baring every ounce of power he had to the world.

And that power proved to be too much for them to handle.

RUMBLE!!!

Yet, as they struggled to hold back the ensuing explosion, they could not help but wonder whether such a result was possible even if a Martial Master went all out. Regardless, now wasn't the time to focus on that.

All five Martial Masters on the evaluation team went all out as they deployed their very best to contain the explosion as much as possible.

Fortunately, many of them were equipped to prevent a battle from going out of control so that there was very little chance of anything bad happening during these battles.

Now, however, they would come to learn that they were wrong.

RUMBLE!!!

Regardless, they applied their breathing techniques and other defensive techniques over as much of an area as possible, pushing themselves as far as they could. Martial Art over Martial Art. Technique over technique. The power of many Martial Masters supported the defensive line.

Yet, they weren't able to push it back.

RUMBLE!!!

Their fears grew more pronounced when the structures supporting the dome over the evaluation battlefield began creaking and rumbling, struggling to contain the devastating power that Rui had unleashed inadvertently.

Until it simply no longer could.

BOOOOOM!!!

"No!" Master Jenile's eyes widened as he saw the dome break, ultimately failing to contain the attack.

It broke free.

All hope was lost.

Or at least, it should have been.

"Enough."

Her voice was soft, yet it overpowered the roar of the infant Sun. Heaven and earth bent under the weight of her being as though the very force of her existence pushed down the fabric of the world. Yet, even this gentle gesture weighed down on the ball of pure destruction, halting its indomitable expansion.

The baby Sun fought with all its might against the grip of her breathing technique, yet it was to no avail.

Before the might of a Martial Sage, its power was but naught.

"Sage Larra." Master Jenile heaved a deep sigh of relief.

She was one of the few Martial Sages stationed at the headquarters of the Panamic Martial Federation who were tasked with security and stability. Her arrival brought a lot of reassurance to the Martial Masters who had exerted themselves to protect Rui's power from spilling over.

She exhaled softly.

WHOOSH

With a wave of her hand, the fiery ball of destruction was no longer. Nôv(el)B\\jnn

With the slightest exertion of her true power, she erased it.

The turbulence immediately began to settle upon its disappearance. A significant amount of seismic radiation had spread across the entire tectonic plate, causing serious concerns that none of them could ignore. The authorities of the Panamic Martial Federation had already entered a state of emergency as word of the energy leak spread.

The most important issue was ensuring that the floating tectonic plate was stable. As long as it was, everything else could be handled after. The Martial Sages and Martial Masters across the entire tectonic plate began straining themselves to stabilize the land, gently absorbing the energy from the land as well as they could with earth-bending and channeling the seismic radiation into the atmosphere as sound. Only when the headquarters had been deemed to be entirely safe was the damage fully evaluated. Only when everything had finally settled down did they have the leeway to begin exploring the cause. Immediately, the authorities began poring over every detail relating to the inception of the attack.

"Now then…" Sage Larra's attention returned to the sparring battlefield facility. "Tell me…"

Her eyes narrowed as she studied the entire location.

"Where did that spark of materia prima emerge from?"

-



