Chapter 1941 Deductions

﻿﻿"Listen, I'm not trying to dampen your excitement, but you didn't forget why we came to the Garden of Salvation in the first place, right?"

Rui paused. "Right..."

In truth, he had almost gotten carried away in his excitement.

However, the reason that they had entered the Garden of Salvation was to find the Divine Doctor, who had embarked on a voyage to find it. Rui heaved a sigh, glancing at all the animals that peacefully lived in the Garden of Salvation. "Alright, let's get started. I can do what I need to while observing the Garden of Salvation."

His goal was to study how the Garden of Salvation manipulated its environments to suit the many living beings that resided in this world. In addition, he also wanted to understand what environments suited what animals.

The reason he cared for the latter was because understanding what was perfectly suited for a species was the same as understanding what was perfectly suited against a species as well.

After all, if Rui learned that a given species required, and had evolved specifically for, an environment with great pressure and heat to remain healthy, then he could logically infer that the best environment to counter said species would be one with low pressure and low heat.

Thus, by doing that for all species in the Garden of Salvation, he could learn everything that he needed to know how to counter them based on the information that he learned from the Garden of Salvation on each of them.

The best part was that he could do all of this by simply observing each creature and its corresponding environment while he scanned their memories for the Divine Doctor.

"Come on, let's get started," Rui remarked, flying down to the many living beings hosted in the Garden of Salvation. "We'll start scanning them one by one, and when we've found intelligence on the Divine Doctor, we'll try to get out of here."

Kane peered at him suspiciously. "Really?"

"...Well, we'll see."

"I knew it." Kane snorted.

"Give me a break." Rui grinned as the two of them arrived at their first candidates.

A group of germanian boars glanced up at Rui, who arrived before them.

BADUMP!

Rui didn't even bother waiting, activating both Soul Void to put them into a trance.

POP

"Huh?" His eyebrows furrowed. "Did my domain just...?"

"What happened?" Kane raised an eyebrow. "Get on with it; we don't have all day."

Rui frowned, activating Soul Void again.

POPRêađ lat𝒆st ch𝒂/p/ters on n𝒐/v/𝒆/l(b)i𝒏(.)c/𝒐/m

His eyes widened with shock as his domain broke once more. "Something is interfering with my domain!"

"What?" Kane stared at Rui, confused. "Who?"

Rui tried it one last time, just for good measure. Using all his power to preserve its integrity.

POP

It was to no avail.

"It must be the Garden of Salvation..." Rui muttered. "But why won't it allow me to use my domain?"

RUMBLE...

The two froze as they felt a hint of peril.

An aura of unfathomable power washed over them. One that exceeded anything that Rui had ever felt before.

A single whisper echoed within the depths of their minds.

Your attempt at infringing on the refugees of the Garden of Salvation shall not be permitted.

Rui and Kane both leaped away.

"Who's there?!" Kane drew his daggers, glancing around them.

Several moments passed as nothing happened.

"…Was that the Garden of Salvation itself? It is literally alive?" Kane asked, incredulously.

It made perfect sense. The Garden of Salvation certainly seemed alive with how it constantly adaptively evolved to its guests.

Yet, Rui knew that it was not responsible for what just happened.

"No." His tone was grave.

"No?"

"That wasn't the Garden of Salvation…" Rui grew grim as he turned backward, glancing at the Elder Tree in the distance.

"It was you, wasn't it?"

Kane followed his gaze, frowning. "Huh? No way."

Your successful detection of the origin of my hypnotic communication is impressive for a mere Martial Senior.

The two of them grew stunned as a second whisper echoed in their minds. Rui stared at the Elder Tree, speechless. His eyes remained fixed on it, as he pushed his senses and mind to detect its communication.

He was unable to.

It was as though the Elder Tree was magically planting its messages into his mind directly.

Then again, I suppose it is to be expected from an alien from Earth with a supernatural mind.

His eyes widened with shock as his body shook physically. He stared at the Elder Tree in utter horror as a multitude of revelations clicked in his mind.

"You…" Rui whispered. "You are the Garden of Salvation, aren't you?"

Correct.

He stared at the enormous Elder Tree in the distance in astonishment.

I am the creator and administrator of the Garden of Salvation.

"Woah…" Kane stared at it in awe.

Rui gazed at it knowingly.

"It knew where I was from." Rui's tone was severe. "That's not something that it would know unless…"

Unless it peered into his mind.

He hadn't mentioned the name of his old world to Kane yet, so it couldn't have relied on his conversation with Kane to learn that detail. The possibilities of the origin of its information were numerous, yet the only plausible explanation out of all of them was relying on the information stored in his mind.

That further begged the question of whether it was a coincidence that his memories had been scanned previously to construct an environment that matched his 'home.'

Rui's eyes sharpened.

The probability that it was a coincidence was quite low.

The probability that the Elder Tree had some special relationship with the Garden of Salvation was thus higher.

That, along with the fact that every single account of Garden of Salvation across centuries mentioned the Elder Tree at the center as well as the fact that he had strong evidence of an intelligence overseeing the entire area, and he had enough evidence to postulate that the Elder Tree was somehow causally connected to the existence of the Garden of Salvation.

-



Chapter 1942  Cyclical Dependence



A deductively sound and logical line of thought. The Elder Tree commented, listening to his internal monologue.

"Wait, I can't hide my thoughts from you?"

Correct. Your mind is certainly more powerful than that of almost any other person, barring Martial Artists of the Upper Realms, I have ever seen, but you lack the power to hide it from me. It reported.

That was inconvenient.

Indeed.

However, that didn't mean that he couldn't use this to his advantage.

And just how would you?

Rui stared at the Elder Tree as a smirk emerged on his face. "Because now you have no justification to not trust the sincerity of the trade offers that I make to you."

…

"Hahaha!" Kane cackled. "That's genius. But what trade offers did you have in mind?"

None.

"It's right," Rui remarked calmly. "None. At least, nothing specific yet. However…"

He narrowed his eyes. "…I have power. I possess unrivaled political power over a Sage-level powerhouse. I have something to offer to everybody. And everybody has something that they could get from me. Something they need. Something they want."

…

The Elder Tree knew that he was telling the truth, having scoured through Rui's memories to learn more about him while recreating his home in the Garden of Salvation. It had grown startled at the fact that such an important individual of the Human Domain had thrown himself into the Beast Domain.

"And I am relatively certain that you are a living being that is as needy as it is powerful. Am I wrong?"

…

Rui smirked, continuing. "This place…"

He gestured to the vast and expansive Garden of Salvation.

"…This is not something that one would do out of the kindness of one's heart."

Rui had come to the conclusion quite confidently.

No creature with any sense of self-preservation would go out of their way to create such an extraordinarily difficult set of operations that he had borne witness to in the Garden of Salvation.

"First, this world is isolated from the rest of the Beast Domain," Rui remarked. "I'd previously assumed that this was a natural esoteric phenomenon. However, since you have divulged that you created the Garden of Salvation, I can assume that you are responsible for its isolation." Th.ê most uptod/at𝓮 n𝒐vels a/re published on n(0)velbj)n(.)c/o/m

He glanced around at the vast safe haven. "It is difficult to fathom. However, this place is either dimensionally or spatially isolated from the rest of the Beast Domain. That is the only explanation that I can conceive. Both options undoubtedly take an extraordinary amount of energy and power. This is not something one does unless there is a genuine necessity for it."

…

"That's not all," Rui continued. "Adaptively evolving the world, at its very root, around each creature to suit their physiology and anatomy is also undoubtedly extraordinarily energy-consuming. The same can be said regarding sifting through the memories of each and every single creature in this place."

Rui knew both of those as a matter of experience. While the Elder Tree was clearly superior to Rui at both hypnosis and world bending, it undoubtedly took an ocean's worth of energy continuously scan memories and bend the world using domains.

It was not something that one would subject oneself to for centuries unless it was extremely necessary or desirable.

"Additionally, there's the safe-haven function of the Garden of Salvation," Rui remarked. "Why accept and transport creatures in need of a safe haven to the Garden of Salvation before sending them away after they have recuperated or healed? Why would someone do that?"

I am a tree. I possess no predatory instinct by virtue of not requiring the consumption of other life. I am part of a kingdom of life that sustains all other life.

It was a good attempt, but Rui was not so easily dismissed.

"Lack of a predatory instinct does not beget endless philanthropy." Rui retorted. "No. You're doing this out of necessity. Considering your stationary nature, it's hard to imagine that you're doing this for anything other than survival."

The air prickled.

He knew he had arrived at the cusp of an important deduction.

He smirked. "You need these creatures to survive, don't you?"

…

"However, not in a predatory manner, for reasons you specified," he murmured. "No. You need them to survive for other reasons."

Rui closed his eyes.

What did a tree need to survive?

Well, an esoteric tree was not exactly a regular tree, but even esoteric trees required the Sun and a large variety of elements and compounds, most importantly water, from the land beneath them. They required carbon dioxide.

"Would a powerful esoteric tree require more or less than an ordinary tree?" Rui glanced at the titanic body of the Elder Tree that utterly dwarfed over mountain ranges.

How could such an enormous tree require less?

How could a tree that was not just utterly gigantic but also able to dimensionally or spatially isolate a country's worth of land, adaptively evolve the world of said land to adapt to countless creatures, and tap into their memories, possibly have few conditions for its sustenance?

"The sheer quantity, number, and complexity of your sustenance requirements are probably beyond anything that I can possibly fathom." Rui realized.

The next question presented itself to Rui.

'How would saving all these creatures aid in its sustenance requirements?'

It was actually the easiest question to answer thus far.

"Chemical cycles," Rui deduced. "Nature has countless chemical cycles that rely on a large number of living creatures."

As the name suggested, chemical cycles were endless cycles of chemicals in different states and compounds looping back to each other over and over again.

One such cycle was the nitrogen cycle.

Nitrogen required herbivorous animals to consume vegetation and excrete it into the ground, thereby supplying ammonia to nitrifying bacteria, which nitrified the compound into relevant chemical compounds that vegetation would then absorb for its survival. And it would start the cycle all over again.

In other words, without this nitrogen cycle, vegetation would not survive. This included trees. It probably also included esoteric trees.

The nitrogen cycle alone required many species to be sustained. This indirectly meant that all vegetation needed these species of herbivores and bacteria to survive, else, they too would die.

-



Chapter 1943  Second



Each species of flora continuously required many chemical compounds.

Each chemical compound had a cycle to sustain its availability.

Each cycle required many other species.

Thus, each species of flora was indirectly dependent on many other species to keep the chemical cycles going, to keep it alive.

"The same must be true for you," Rui sharply deduced. "In fact, I cannot imagine how many chemical cycles you depend on. Millions? Probably billions with just how enormous and magical your existence is."

That next deduction followed smoothly.

"If you require billions of chemical cycles to sustain your existence, and assuming that each chemical cycle requires several species to sustain it, then essentially you require many billions of species to survive in order to sustain your life."

If even a single one of those species were disrupted, then it would mean that a chemical cycle was disrupted, which would mean that the Elder Tree would lose access to an important substance that sustained its existence.

Of course, it would not die immediately.

However, its health would deteriorate slowly and surely. It would be no different from a lack of any given vitamin or mineral important for the functioning of the human body. In the short term, the differences would be not too noticeable. However, in the long term, it would be quite damning.

Too many such chemical compounds were lacking, and death was a real possibility.

This was probably especially true for such an enormous yet deeply sophisticated living being as the Elder Tree. Rui could not even imagine all the ways things could go wrong for the tree if it didn't get some highly vital substance needed for its sustenance.

In fact, it was possible that it had already entered a stage where it found it difficult to get a supply of the chemical compounds that it found necessary.

"Normally, however, the Beast Domain would have been able to naturally ensure a stable supply of these substances." Rui furrowed his eyebrows in thought.

After all, even back on Earth, long before science became aware of these intricate chemical cycles that intertwined the fate of many species with each other, nature had thrived for a long time.

On Earth, flora had survived five hundred million years.

In other words, nature was prone to creating stable ecosystems that were just balanced such that they could ensure that a species neither overpopulated nor went extinct. While the ecosystems of the Beast Domain were undoubtedly astronomically more complicated than those of Earth, the same principle applied.

The fact that life had survived for hundreds of millions or billions of years meant that the biosphere was stable.

At least until humanity arrived in both worlds.

"Humanity has…disrupted the chemical cycles that you require to survive, right?" Rui asked.

…

The Beast Domain that once used to cover an overwhelming majority of the Panama Continent had now been slowly pushed into its very core, increasing population density by order of magnitude while countless species had either perished during the continuous expansion and encroachment into the Beast Domain, bit by bit.

Or, they migrated deeper into the Beast Domain and died due to environmental incompatibilities or overwhelming competition for resources.

The delicate chemical cycles needed to sustain an enormous, complex, and sophisticated tree lifeform like the Elder tree were undoubtedly disrupted by such enormous and radical shifts in the environment and ecosystem.

"If I'm not wrong, countless species that were needed to maintain the chemical cycles that you required to sustain your life were probably brought to the very brink of extinction due to humanity's continuous encroachment into Beast Domain." Rêađ lat𝒆st ch𝒂/p/ters on n𝒐/v/𝒆/l(b)i𝒏(.)c/𝒐/m

This, in turn, severely compromised the chemical cycles that the Elder Tree relied on.

In other words, even before humanity had reached the Elder Tree, it was already an existential threat to the enormous tree.

"You must have sought a solution. A solution to save all these species that were needed to sustain the chemical cycles that, in turn, sustained your life." Rui keenly inferred. He gestured around them. "The Garden of Salvation. A safe haven for those who need it. You save species that you need to survive, allow them to recuperate, heal, and reproduce, and then send and return them to an environment that befits them."

Doing so would ensure that the chemical cycles would largely remain in place.

"It makes sense that you targeted creatures only in the north side of the Beast Domain," Rui deduced another fact. "Even considering the sheer size of your full body, I doubt your roots extend much past the northern part of the Beast Domain. This means that you cannot absorb nutrients from other parts of the Beast Domain because your roots do not extend the entire way. Thus, only species in the northern parts matter. Hence, no living being is rescued much beyond that."

Rui returned his focus to the Elder Tree again. "The fact that you rescued two Martial Seniors and have rescued plenty of Martial Artists over the years is enough for me to logically infer that Martial Artists, somehow, are also important to maintaining one or more chemical cycles that are important for your survival."

A smirk appeared on his face. "That gives us leverage, does it not?"

You… The Elder Tree finally spoke in their minds. Of the countless sentient and intelligent beings to have entered the Garden of Salvation. You are the second person to have ever deduced the truth through sheer thought alone.

Rui sharpened his eyes at those words. He had no proof, but he already knew who the first person was based on pure instinct alone. There was only one person that it could be. There was only one person that Rui had hoped it would be. He had truly journeyed a long, long way to find the man. He hoped that he did not run into a dead end devoid of any more clues as to where the man was.

"…Second? So there was someone before me?"

Indeed. You remind me of him. You remind me of the Divine Doctor himself.

-



Chapter 1944  Give It To Me

1944  Give It To Me

A deep flush of relief erupted from within Rui.

The Divine Doctor had indeed succeeded in entering the Garden of Salvation.

"I am looking for him," Rui blurted out. "I am looking for the Divine Doctor."

I am aware. "As I told you," Rui narrowed his eyes. "I can help you. If you are willing to help me find the Divine Doctor. I am willing to exercise my power to make life easier for you."

…What do you propose?

A number of thoughts flashed through Rui's mind.

Hmmm. I can't trust you.

"Oh, but you have no choice but to." Rui smirked. "I am sincere, and you can sense it as long as you are willing to help me find the Divine Doctor. I will exercise my political power to aid your survival."

…

"Think about it." Rui spread his arms. "Imagine a Sage-level powerhouse working to ensure that the chemical cycles you need are maintained. We have the power. I don't know how strong you are, but I severely doubt that you can match the power of the Kandrian Empire. I don't see any Sage-level beasts in here, which informs me about your power."

… Ne/w novel chapt𝒆rs are p/u/blished on no/vel(/bin(.)c/o/m

"With the political power I have, I can easily set up a division of analysts with powerful Martial Artists dedicated to aiding you in what you are doing. As long as you give me a list of species needed, I'll ensure that they don't die."

…

"You will no longer be alone," Rui promised the Elder Tree. "You will gain the support and cooperation of one of the most powerful empires in all of human civilization. In return, I first seek any and all intelligence about the Divine Doctor. This is a trivial demand and will not hurt you in any way. If you have any sense in you, you will accept this offer."

Unfortunately, Rui's logic was too strong. In normal circumstances, the only hurdle in this offer was the fact that there was no proof that Rui was sincere about his offer to the Elder Tree. After all, there was no incentive for it. The moment Rui got the information he needed, there was nothing stopping him from reneging from his side of the deal.

In this particular circumstance, however, the Elder Tree could quite plainly and straightforwardly see that Rui was genuine and sincere about his offer.

Normally, having one's mind exposed to another was an enormous disadvantage when it came to negotiations.

Rui, however, had turned it into an enormous advantage by employing a brilliant strategy that used it to produce outcomes that would have been impossible otherwise.

You really do remind me of the Divine Doctor.

Rui narrowed his eyes. Considering everything that he had seen the Divine Doctor do, he wasn't sure if that was a compliment or an insult, but he remained silent. He was far more concerned about the Elder Tree's decision than its musings.

I accept your offer.

Rui's smile widened. "Great!"

But I have a condition. You must swear to me in no unclear terms that you will not bring harm to the Divine Doctor.

"I swear," Rui affirmed. "I require his aid to heal my father from the Eternal Dream disease. I have absolutely no intention whatsoever to harm him in any way unless in self-defense."

The Elder Tree grew satisfied with that. Good. Then we have an agreement. Let me tell you all about the Divine Docto—

"Wait." Rui raised a hand. "Before we get there. I have another offer that I want to propose."

The Elder Tree quickly read his mind. You wish for… the knowledge and skill underlying the adaptive evolution of the Garden of Salvation?

Rui grinned, nodding as he grew more excited. "In return for otherworldly knowledge about the fundamental nature of non-esoteric reality."

I can just read your mind to get access to that.

"Yes, but you cannot understand it unless you have gained a fundamental mastery over a vast amount of information that is ingrained in me subconsciously. You also simply may not understand the underlying concepts because of their complexity. Furthermore, much of it is stored in alien language and alien numbers. You may be able to read my mind, but you will still have to dedicate an immense amount of time and mental effort if you want to try and decode an alien language."

Unfortunately for it, Rui was correct about that as well. The Elder Tree, while sentient and intelligent, knew that it was not extraordinarily brilliant. It would not be able to gain anything meaningful.

"Furthermore, if you refuse, then I'm not going to stick around for much longer." Rui shrugged. "Only up until you tell us all the information about the Divine Doctor. Can you gain every single iota of information in that timeframe?"

…Fine. However, I must inform you that I cannot teach you how to bend heaven and earth like I do.

Rui frowned. "Why not?"

Because this is not a Martial Art skill or technique. It is not mastery. It is an innate genetic ability that my body has. Martial Artists are able to exert power that is many orders of magnitude above their raw power. However, in my case, this is my raw innate ability. It is not something I am able to pass on to you.

"Damn!" Rui cursed, growing dismayed. "Wait, what about the knowledge? What about the knowledge of exactly what world is most fit for each species?"

I am indeed able to pass that on to you. In the many centuries since the Age of Martial Art, when I created the Garden of Salvation, I have grown intimately familiar with most of the fauna and flora species of the Beast Domain, including the so-called 'adaptive evolution' information on exactly how to adaptively evolve the world to each and every single species.

Rui's eyes lit up with ecstasy. "Yes! YES! Give it to me! GIVE IT TO ME!"

He was unable to hide the sheer enthusiasm he had for inheriting the knowledge that came from adaptively evolving the world for countless species for centuries. It was utterly game-changing for how he approached the Beast Domain!

-





Chapter 1945 Limits

﻿﻿1945  Limits

One of the VOID algorithm's biggest shortcomings was its incompatibility with Gaia's supernatural and esoteric reality. Of course, Rui had made a lot of progress with it over the years, but he had never found a solution for adapting to beasts.

The pattern recognition system worked by choosing the most optimal and perfect counter to an opponent's predicted movement according to the predictive model. It was the adaptive evolution model that told Rui what the most optimal counter was.

Although it sounded fancy, the adaptive evolution model was just an enormous table with two rows. It contained the solution to all predicted movements.

If Rui predicted that his opponent was going to throw a hook punch, then he would look at the table and find the corresponding most optimal counter.

Hook punch -> Forward-stepping straight punch.

These were created in his previous life after countless experiments to determine the best counter to each attack, maneuver, and defense.

Keywords being 'in his previous life.'

It was optimized for regular humans.

As Rui became a Martial Artist and kept growing stronger, he gradually stopped relying on it because it became increasingly irrelevant and invalid against the supernatural Martial Art of this world.

He was forced to rely on instinct and experience, which he continuously gained more of over the years. Yet, he managed as his intuition was forged in the crucible of combat, allowing him to replicate, through experience, what was previously done by the adaptive evolution model.

It was a good replacement for the adaptive evolution model against other Martial Artists.

Unfortunately, this didn't solve the problem when it came to beasts and monsters.

There were countless different species in the world. He did not have any experience with an overwhelming majority of them. The worst part was that even being a general expert was not enough. He would need to be a specialist on each and every single monster and beast in order to adaptively evolve to each of them with absolute perfection.

And nothing less than absolute perfection was tolerable to him.

This shortcoming had become especially noticeable after he had entered the Beast Domain. He had managed to make do by compensating for it with the sheer power of the SOUL System, of course.

However, that shortcoming was the reason that he and Kane had almost died against the six Master-level beasts of the mega-forest region. If Rui had been a super-expert on fauna, he would not have made that horrific blunder that almost got them killed.

"If not for you saving us…" Rui narrowed his eyes as he stared at the Elder Tree. "That blunder, this shortcoming, would have gotten us killed. Thank you for saving our lives…"

Rui bowed his head lightly in gratitude as Kane followed suit before returning his gaze to the massive tree. "…And please give me the knowledge that I need to ensure that this blunder never happens ever again."

The Elder Tree listened to Rui's earnest plea. I am able and willing. I will pass on the sum totality of my knowledge of the biosphere of the Beast Domain to you in return for otherworldly knowledge and understanding of the intricacies of non-esoteric reality.Rêađ lat𝒆st ch𝒂/p/ters on n𝒐/v/𝒆/l(b)i𝒏(.)c/𝒐/m

An ecstatic smile deepened on his face. "Alright then, done deal."

There is only one issue.

Rui frowned. "What is it?"

The knowledge that you are seeking is extremely enormous, the Elder Tree informed him. Even considering your supernatural mind, it is not something that can be conveyed in a short time span, even if I directly pour the information into your mind through hypnotic communication.

Rui's expression darkened. "How long are we talking?"

Five years.

Rui's eyes widened with shock. "What?! Just how much information do you have that it takes a whopping five years of hypnotic transmission to give me everything you have?!"

A lot. I am unable to quantify it, but I can convey immense sensory data every second that you are awake and free, and it will still take five years of continuous hypnotic transmission to give you everything you seek without compromising my mental health.

Kane turned to Rui with a raised eyebrow. "We don't have time for this, man."

Rui gritted his teeth.

Kane was right.

They only had twenty-one months left to find the Divine Doctor and bring him back to the Kandrian Empire to heal his father before he died. Choosing to remain here for the knowledge was no different from getting him killed.

Yet… the very thought of letting this once-in-a-lifetime opportunity go tore Rui's heart apart, causing him to wince from phantom pain.

"You are not actually considering this, are you?" Kane stared at him. "Your dad's gonna die. Do you not care? Is this more important than your father?"

Kane regretted asking the question the moment it escaped his mouth. He realized a moment too late that the answer was actually yes.

Rui knew that, too.

However, he didn't want to have to choose. The whole reason that he had embarked on the journey to the Divine Doctor was because he didn't want to be forced to choose.

"If I leave, will I be able to enter without risking my life again?"

No. My awareness of outside phenomena comes indirectly through a flora network containing other living beings of the plant kingdom. I cannot identify you specifically, I'm afraid.

In other words, if Rui left, he would have to subject himself to a one-percent survival chance in order to get into a place that had a one-percent acceptance rate.

The odds were overwhelmingly horrible. It was far too much for Rui to go through it again, especially when he went through it by mistake the first time.

"Wait." Rui's eyes lit up. "You said, without compromising my mental health?"

Correct. I am able to transmit information at far greater speeds, but it will cause extreme mental pain and suffering.

"How soon can you get it done if we go through with that?" Rui narrowed his eyes.

"Dude." Kane stared at him in disbelief. "Are you serious?"

-



Chapter 1946 Primitive

﻿﻿1946  Primitive

Six months.

Rui's eyes lit up. "Let's do it then!"

I strongly recommend against it. You will suffer tremendous psychological anguish and pain over extended periods of time. Even if you manage to come away with your mind and sanity intact, it will have an irreversible impact on you.

Rui closed his eyes.

He would be lying if he said that those words didn't horrify him.

He didn't enjoy pain.

He certainly did not enjoy extensive periods of intense mental suffering.

He most definitely did not enjoy the prospects of losing his mind or sanity.

However, the bottom line was clear to Rui.

It had never changed.

"If that is the price to gain access to this power…" Rui's expression grew grave. "Then so be it."

Kane stared at him, utterly astounded.

Unfortunately, this was the most Rui thing that Rui could do. Kane especially thought so after he learned the truth about his friend.

A being from another world.

This was a man who had followed his Martial Path to and past death.

With that in consideration, Kane was hardly surprised that Rui was willing to do something this insane.

"Are you absolutely certain?"

"…Yes."

"…Fine."

Rui turned to the Elder Tree. "Let's begin."

…No.

Rui's gaze intensified as he glared at the Elder Tree.

I do not have any reason to be as confident that you will come away with your mind intact. I shall have you fulfill your end of the deal before I do mine in case you do lose your mind in the process.

"Fine…" Rui narrowed his eyes. "Do not think about reneging on your end of the deal. You will lose the power of the Kandrian Empire as an ally and a supporter if you do."

Trees are not in the habit of making enemies. Especially powerful enemies.

Rui knew those words were true. Besides, he didn't have much of a choice in these circumstances. He had already turned the massive disadvantage of having exposed thoughts into an advantage resulting in what was, as far as he was concerned, a highly lucrative deal. This was the very best that he could make of his circumstances at the moment.

"I shall prepare an information package for you in my mind. It will contain every ounce of information that you will need to inherit my understanding of non-esoteric reality," Rui replied. "I shall help you through it where you need it while I prepare for inheriting all your knowledge on the biosphere of the Beast Domain."

That is an acceptable arrangement.Rêađ lat𝒆st ch𝒂/p/ters on n𝒐/v/𝒆/l(b)i𝒏(.)c/𝒐/m

Rui nodded, quickly running some calculations. "It shouldn't take more than a month to put together all the knowledge that I have to offer. I don't think it will take too much longer to get a hold of it all unless you are particularly stupid."

…

"In general, as long as you get the foundations right, you should be able to handle the rest on your own without me."

Understood. The Elder Tree sensed that each of his words was the truth. That is identical to the arrangement that I had with the Divine Doctor.

Rui narrowed his eyes at those words. "Enough beating around the bush. Tell me everything you know about the Divine Doctor. You will need to do this because I don't have any actual proof at this point in time that you actually met the Divine Doctor. For all I know, you might have just chosen to say his name because you looked through my memories and knew that I was searching for him."

It was a valid concern.

Rui did not think that this Elder Tree was necessarily a good being. The Garden of Salvation was purely an endeavor of self-

interest and self-preservation. Even the fact that it saved Rui and Kane from Master-level creatures was purely for its own self-interest.

Of course, that did not make it evil, not at all. No creature wanted to die, and Rui could even commend the Elder Tree for surviving in a manner that allowed others to do so as well.

However, that did not mean the creature was one of integrity.

Your concerns are valid and sound, the Elder Tree admitted. Very well, I shall disclose everything I know about the Divine Doctor.

Rui and Kane froze where they stood as the very world around them changed, warping to something else entirely.

Now, they stood in an empty plain in the Garden of Salvation.

For a moment, nothing happened.

WHOOSH

STEP

A man appeared out of nowhere, landing on the ground. His entire body was covered in an attire that resembled a fusion between a doctor and an adventurer. His head was completely covered in a gas mask.

A gas mask Rui recognized.

"It's him…" Rui whispered. "…These are the Elder Tree's memories!"

Correct.

CLICK

The man removed the mask, revealing a tanned face.

His eyes brimmed with endless curiosity.

Yet they were also dead.

Devoid of compassion.

The magical biosphere of the Garden of Salvation was no more than complex chemistry to him.

They held no value beyond his curiosity and intellectual pursuit.

"Fascinating."

A single remark escaped him.

His eyes slowly turned to the Elder Tree as he beheld the enormous lifeform in the distance at the center of the Garden of Salvation.

"Elder Tree…"

His tone was clinical in its curiosity.

"As postulated, a new species of the intelligent flora phylum." His eyes lit up with interest. "Preparing new species addition, dubbed: elder tree species."

You… The Elder Tree broke its silence. I am unable to read your mind.

"The skull of this particular vessel is laced with a layer of Aurora Glass, a Sage-level substance that absolutely isolates the brain from any causal interaction with the outside world, rendering you unable to read it. I prepared this solution in case the hypothesis that your adaptive evolution world-

bending relied on mind reading to gain access to the necessary intelligence was true."

…Your fear was a falsehood, the Elder Tree realized. You were not truly fearful. You induced fear for the sake of entering the Garden of Salvation.

The Divine Doctor simply smiled.

"Fear." Derision flickered in his detached eyes. "An archaic evolutionary neurological in-built deterrent to danger. One that increases the probability of survival and reproduction."

A sneer emerged on his face.

"Primitive."

-



Chapter 1947 Offer and Demand

﻿﻿1947  Offer and Demand

The Elder Tree was stunned into silence at the bold declaration of the Divine Doctor.

Everybody felt fear.

Even the Elder Tree itself felt fear.

Nearly all sentient life experienced fear.

Was the madman not calling all of it primitive with his declaration?

"It wasn't always primitive…" the Divine Doctor continued as he removed several more contraptions wrapped over his body. "It served its purpose as a danger deterrent better than any other known mechanism in purpose until…"

He glanced at the Elder Tree, his frozen smile never once changing. "…Until the advent of intelligence."

The Elder Tree stared at the Divine Doctor in silence.

"Why be fearful when you can be intelligent?" The Divine Doctor's question was posed to all sentient lifeforms on the Panama Continent. "Why let fear impede rationality and intelligence? Why not rid oneself of fear and embrace the power of thought? It is the most optimal choice. It was the choice that I took."

Rui sharpened his eyes.

That explanation explained a lot.

It explained how the Divine Doctor's mind seemed unaffected when he subjected himself to extremely potent fear-

hallucinogens even though his body was clearly affected.

"I am beyond fear." The Divine Doctor closed his eyes. "I was deeply disappointed when I logically deduced that the conditions to be chosen for entry into the Garden of Salvation was fear. Disappointed and also troubled, for it was not easy to subject myself to fear. I had to go through a lot of preparations to get my hands on the fear needed to enter this place."

He opened his eyes, turning to the Elder Tree. "I will have you compensate me for my troubles."

I saved your life.

The Divine Doctor's smile deepened.

"No, I'm afraid you did no such thing."

…Why did you come here? The Elder Tree grew confused. Just what do you seek?

"I require your aid, unfortunately," the Divine Doctor remarked with a frozen smile. "I am faced with a patient with an ailment that exceeds even my ability to diagnose."

Why should I help you at all?

"Because I have something to offer," the Divine Doctor replied clinically. "I offer healing, treatment, and a cure."

I do not require such things. Certainly not from a human.

A mirthless chuckle escaped the Divine Doctor. "It will behoove you not to test me. I have identified one hundred and eighty-one esoteric deficiencies, disorders, and illnesses in your vast and expansive system, including but not limited to severe felnoven deficiency, which interferes with your space manipulation, as well as severe sundew, blood iron, darkress, and heineoun cobalt deficiencies that each interfere with the more important functions that I am witnessing here."

The Elder Tree was stunned into silence as the Divine Doctor made extremely accurate evaluations of its medical condition within minutes of meeting it!

…Who are you?

The Divine Doctor's frozen smile never changed a shade.

"It matters not who I am as much as what I can do for you and what you can do for me. I can not only ameliorate your ailments and illnesses, but I can also teach you how to heal and treat these creatures better."

He glanced at the vast and expansive biosphere within the Garden of Salvation. "Considering that they're here, I can infer they're important to your survival, most likely because of the role they play in the ecosystem that is vital for ensuring your survival through not just the chemical cycles but also the conditioning of heaven and earth to meet your environmental needs."

Rui raised an eyebrow.

He hadn't figured out the second part.

Are you truly able to do that? the Elder Tree asked eagerly.

The Divine Doctor had just made an extremely attractive offer. The survival of the species that were important to his own survival was something that the Elder Tree had to constantly juggle with.

For all its magical power, it was not a doctor. It did not possess medical knowledge and expertise. The best it could do was provide a place that was perfectly suited for each creature and allowed them to heal naturally and reproduce naturally. Oftentimes, this failed, and the creatures died nonetheless.

However, if the Elder Tree gained the medical expertise of the Divine Doctor, it would be able to diagnose, treat, and cure. It would vastly increase the success of its rescue and rehabilitation operations.

"Proving it is effortless," the Divine Doctor huffed. "I'm more concerned about whether you are able to fulfill my demands in return."

As long as it is within my ability and commensurate to what you are offering, I am.

The Divine Doctor's smile widened. "What I require of you is not strenuous or demanding."

…Just what do you require?

"You see…" The Divine Doctor began pacing back and forth as his eyes wandered around, immersed in thought. "My current patient has an ailment and an illness that I am unable to identify. You can be assured I have looked for it in many, many places and consulted many people, but I am simply unable to. Truly frustrating, I say. Which is why I require your help."

The Elder Tree grew confused. …I do not follow. What can I possibly offer? I am not familiar with medicine.

"Oh, but you can, dear Elder Tree." The Divine Doctor's frozen smile widened, exhibiting excitement for the first time. "All you need to do is tell me what you see, or rather don't see."

…What?

"Your means of observing the Beast Domain even though you have spatially isolated most of your main body." The Divine Doctor smiled clinically. "You rely on a flora network. You gain information far beyond your ordinary sensory limit by receiving information from flora across the Beast Domain, more specifically by communication of sensory information through root connections, don't you?"Rêađ lat𝒆st ch𝒂/p/ters on n𝒐/v/𝒆/l(b)i𝒏(.)c/𝒐/m

…I suppose I should not be surprised that you know that.

"Correct. Regardless, this long-distance sensory network allows you to bypass the sensory resistance of the Beast Domain," the Divine Doctor replied. "While other Sage-level creatures are limited in their zones because of how exponentially more intense sensory resistance gets the closer you get to the Beast Domain, you are able to bypass this by leveraging a significant portion of the entire plant kingdom to serve as your eyes and ears across the Beast Domain and beyond."

-



Chapter 1948  Normality



How did the Elder Tree detect various creatures and lifeforms that were not just important to its survival in some way or another but also experiencing deep fear when it was almost completely spatially isolated from the rest of the world?

The answer was that its roots were connected to the roots of other surrounding flora, which in turn were in networks of flora spreading across enormous portions of the Beast Domain. It received a massive flood of sensory data pertaining to light, sound, odor, the chemical composition of the air, and several other parameters.

Of course, plants were far from the best sensors. They weren't able to convey detailed information about the outside world such that the Elder Tree could be able to accurately get a view of the Beast Domain like it was there itself. It was why it needed to rely on lopsided ways, such as fear, of evaluating the necessity of saving a creature or not. Fear that plants could detect based on the changes in odor and other chemical substances that left a distinct signature.

"It's far from perfect," the Divine Doctor clinically remarked. "But it's still vastly better than any other known source of intelligence within the Beast Domain. In comparison to you, the Adventurer's Guild is incompetent. You're almost like a Beast Domain version of the Beggar's Sect!"

The what?

"That is the aid I require from you." The Divine Doctor's smile remained frozen and dispassionate as he ignored the Elder Tree's question. "Information. I need access to the vast intelligence that you have by virtue of being connected to the largest intelligence network of the Beast Domain. Perhaps then I can learn more about the illness that ails my latest patient."

Your rationales are incoherent to me, but if you are able to prove the skill and knowledge that you claim to have in medicine, then I am open to sharing my information with you.

Of course, the Divine Doctor, to a certain extent, had already proven that he was far from normal. However, the Elder Tree was far from a fool; it would not budge on a deal until it had seen proof.

This was the difference between its then agreement with the Divine Doctor and its current agreement with Rui.

Rui was unable to hide his mind from the Elder Tree. Thus, the tree knew that Rui was extremely sincere about his offer and intentions. As such, it was willing to be more liberal with its conditions.

The Divine Doctor, on the other hand, was able to protect his mind and consequently was unable to earn the trust of the Elder Tree as easily.

First, you will have to prove your skill and knowledge. Second, you will have to prove that I am able to learn and master the skills that will help me treat wounds and other surrounding conditions as optimally as possible. Third, you will have to ensure that I actually do learn all of it, and only then will I be able to give you what you need.

"Your incompetence is not my problem." The Divine Doctor's frozen smile never once flickered. "I'll do my best. If you are still unable to, then that is on you. However, I will get the information I seek, regardless."

…Those are acceptable arrangements.

"Good." The Divine Doctor stared at the Elder Tree with detached eyes. "Let us, for both our sakes, hope you are not retarded."

…

WHOOSH

The scene melted away as the world around them returned back to normal.

That was my first meeting with the Divine Doctor. Rêađ lat𝒆st ch𝒂/p/ters on n𝒐/v/𝒆/l(b)i𝒏(.)c/𝒐/m

Rui's eyes swam around, deep in thought. "…He wanted an intelligence network that spread across the entire Beast Domain to diagnose his current patient?"

A deep frown emerged on his face. "…What?"

He had tried his best to avoid thinking about the reason that the Divine Doctor had even gone to the Beast Domain. Most of the time, he was able to ignore it completely and not care about it.

It wasn't relevant to him.

He just wanted the man to heal his father.

But now that he had understood what the Divine Doctor wanted from the Garden of Salvation, it just blew his mind.

How in the world could access to information across much of the Beast Domain from a flora intelligence network possibly help him diagnose one specific patient's ailments?

It didn't make sense.

"Not unless…" Rui narrowed his eyes as an extremely strange and bizarre possibility entered his mind.

Yet, it was far too absurd for Rui to even utter it out loud. Just doing so would make him feel incredibly stupid.

"Huff…" He shook his head, turning back to the Elder Tree. "What else? That was just the first meeting, correct? That is … insightful, but it is not what I am looking for."

…From then on, the doctor spent many years teaching me and training me in medicine. He taught me the foundation of biology at the cellular level and gave me many broad, holistic understandings of different kingdoms and classes of species.

That was to be expected. One did not just become a doctor without going through med school.

Then, he taught me, species by species, how to treat many different wounds and related conditions and how I ought to diagnose and approach the art of healing. He also taught me the principles of healing and rejuvenation potions and how I could create my own. It was thanks to that that I was able to heal both of you and save your lives.

Rui's gaze softened as he recalled the critical condition that the two of them had been in after the roar of a powerful Master-level creature, even though they had faced a fraction of the dispersed power.

After he completed the end of the deal, I naturally kept my word and gave him what he wanted. I obliged all his demands for data.

Finally.

"And just what did he want?" Rui eagerly asked.

Normality.

"…What?"

He asked me to help him find normality in a world of anomalies.

-



Chapter 1949  The Mellow



Rui's eyes widened with shock. "…Normality?"

Indeed. That was what he sought from me.

"He what…?" Kane stared at the Elder Tree, astounded. Rui, on the other hand, felt increasingly certain about the absurd idea that had popped into his head regarding who the Divine Doctor's patient was. Yet simultaneously, he couldn't help but wonder if he was sane for even considering the idea.

But it made sense, unfortunately.

"He's looking for an anomalous anomaly among anomalies because non-anomalous anomalies are not anomalous among anomalies."

Kane and the Elder Tree stared at him, speechless. "If a patient contracts an illness, then they will manifest symptoms atypical of their body," Rui's tone was patient. "In other words, anomalies. However, what can possibly be considered anomalous in the Beast Domain, where every region experiences some abrupt change in environment or ecosystem or the other? Be it demographic or population changes, topographical or geological changes, changes of different scales and permeation, and of endless causes. Something or the other is constantly changing."

Rui recalled their time in the Valley of Prisms. They had taken complete control over the region, not allowing anything to go wrong, but every week, sometimes every day, some abrupt disruption of some kind or the other continuously happened.

It was actually a wonder that the catoblepas lasted as long as they did. Pure sheer luck, actually. Just one stroke of bad luck, and Rui and Kane would have never been able to find the Beast Domain without referring to their memories.

"The answer is a normal, banal, and mundane region that has never experienced anomalies," Rui informed them of the answer. "After all, if anomalies are the state of normality and the way things are supposed to be, then something that isn't anomalous is atypical. It is wrong and not the way that it is supposed to be. It is…unhealthy."

"Huh, that makes sense," Kane admitted. "If he's looking for an anomaly in the Beast Domain to identify his patient."

"He must have come to the conclusion that was the only way he could find any clues on the illness ailing his patient. To look for the true anomaly in a world of anomalies that could potentially be a symptom from his point of view," Rui calmly elaborated.

"Wait…" Realization finally dawned on Kane. "Doesn't that mean that his patient is…" Th.ê most uptod/at𝓮 n𝒐vels a/re published on n(0)velbj)n(.)c/o/m

Kane, too, was unable to utter the idea aloud with how absurd it was.

Rui's expression grew severe. "I don't know. All I know is that I need to find him. Thus, I need to find the anomalous normality that he sought."

Rui turned to the Elder Tree with sharp eyes. "Where is it?"

…The Mellow. Rui raised an eyebrow. "The Mellow? The Adventurer's Guild's data does not contain any regions or places whose names match that."

It is no wonder that the Divine Doctor said that the Adventurer's Guild was incompetent if so.

"Well?" Rui raised an eyebrow. "Go on, what and where is the Mellow?

It is a sub-Apprentice-level danger zone within the Master-level belt of the Beast Domain. In the millennium-long life that I have lived, it is the one region that has never once changed. Its flora and fauna demographics and dynamics have never once undergone even a one-percent change of any kind. Its environmental parameters have never been disturbed. Its ecological variables have remained steadfast without any measurable shift of any kind. Its weather is also identical over time, day in and day out. While the Master-level regions around it are perenially fluctuating in chaos, the Mellow is a beacon of order and constancy across the entire Beast Domain.

"What…?" Rui stared at the Elder Tree, flummoxed. "There's no way. There's no way that a sub-Apprentice-level zone survived in the Master-level belt."

It is considered the Master-level belt because the average danger zone is Master-level. Though your surprise is still very much understandable, I, too, have been unable to understand how the Mellow has been able to survive and not change for as long as it has.

"And you're sure that's where he went?"

I'm certain that's where he said he would be going.

Rui heaved a sigh as he grew immersed in deep consideration.

"We're definitely going to the Mellow, but…"

He turned to the Garden of Salvation. "…not before we complete our agreement."

I am pleased to hear that. Let us immediately begin.

"Yeah."

Rui immediately began preparing the information package that contained all his scientific knowledge without any further ado.

He was not doing the venture to find the Divine Doctor any favors by taking yet another training break.

Yet, the very thought of finally being able to adaptively evolve to all fauna in the Beast Domain made his excitement rev to an entirely higher dimension. It was a massive boost to his adaptive evolution power.

'Even if the Elder tree cannot help me with upgrading the Yggdrasil System, I can still rely on Master Gurren to help me elevate the Yggdrasil System to a much higher level and a very lesser version of the Garden of Salvation.' Rui realized.

Of course, he knew that the Garden of Salvation was undoubtedly an entire Realm above Master Gurren at the bare minimum. He didn't mind that. He always knew that hoping for the Yggdrasil System to be on par with the Garden of Salvation was a fool's errand. Rui knew that he probably could not even dream of reaching such astounding levels of adaptive evolution domain bending until he was, at the very least, a Martial Sage. Until then, he could only keep striving to reach what he bore witness to within the Garden of Salvation.

He carefully began gathering every ounce of science and math he had ever learned his entire life and began comprehensively organizing it in a large information package within his Mind Palace. He hurried quickly, for he didn't have too much time. He only had twenty-one months left before his father succumbed to the Eternal Dream Disease.

-



Chapter 1950 Better Suited

﻿﻿Time passed as Rui compiled the information package. It was a project he spent most of his waking days on, not paying any attention to anything else.

One of the things that he had to wrestle with was whether he wanted to update the Yggdrasil System in the Garden of Salvation or not.

On one hand, the whole reason he wanted to learn everything that the Elder Tree knew about the biosphere of the Beast Domain was because he wanted to upgrade his Yggdrasil System to create adaptively evolved environments that were optimally antithetical to any beast or monster from the Beast Domain.

This was his solution to not being able to adapt to beasts and monsters as well as he could adapt to other Martial Artists.

"The Yggdrasil System is inherently better suited to counter monsters and beasts than the pattern recognition system is." Rui cursed himself for not making this deduction earlier. "While the latter can still do a great job, the former is able to be fundamentally antithetical to beasts and monsters in a way that the latter cannot."

Human beings did not have environmental specialization. What that meant was that human beings were not optimized for any specific environment, topography, or geology. This was a species that was able to adaptively evolve to its environment by virtue of its heightened intelligence and, relatively, heightened rationality.

The human species had adapted to burning hot and freezing cold and everything in between, morphing culture and tradition in response to environmental conditions.

Animals could not do that.

If one tossed a polar bear into the desert, its only fate was death.

Likewise, if one tossed a camel into the Antarctic, its fate, too, was death.

This was, to a certain degree, even more true for the monsters of the Beast Domain. They had often evolved to be hyper-optimal in certain environments and were absolutely doomed if the environment was inversed to become optimally antithetical to them.

That was why the Yggdrasil System, which altered the environment to become optimally antithetical to its target, was most suited, out of the entirety of the Flowing Void Style, to handle the Beast Domain.

"Tsk, I should have entered the Beast Domain sooner; I would have made this realization far earlier."

Alas, the past was the past. It was best to make the best use of what he had so that he would have no more regrets for the future.

On the other hand, he was in a time crunch.VịSit no(v)3lb/!n(.)c𝒐m for new 𝒏ov𝒆l𝒔

"Still... I should save the updates for the Yggdrasil System till my current voyage to find the Divine Doctor is completed."

One of the biggest reasons he insisted on inheriting the knowledge of the Elder Tree now was because he most likely would not get another chance to do so in the future. The spatial warp was one that the Elder Tree conjured around the Garden of Salvation, leaving only its furtive rootlets deep within the earth that connected to countless flora intelligence networks that, in totality, spread across much of the Beast Domain.

In other words, the Elder Tree would not be able to recognize Rui outside of the Garden of Salvation. Rui would need to subject himself to life-threatening danger for an extremely low probability of re-entering the Garden of Salvation.

It was not something he was willing to do.

Updating the Yggdrasil System, however, was something that did not require the Elder Tree. Thus, he could do that in peace after returning to the Kandrian Empire.

That was why he decided to prioritize the Divine Doctor mission, which had a time limit.

An entire month passed as Rui sucked up every ounce of scientific information from within the depths of his memory, even obscure things that he thought he had forgotten, rigorously categorizing them as he formed a progressive information package that would allow anyone to, eventually, learn what he knew as long as they properly solved all the assignments that he prepared alongside each unit.

The best part was that as he processed and organized large amounts of information, the Elder Tree watched his mind and thoughts, gaining a thorough understanding of everything that it would have to do to learn all of his knowledge.

It could not help but marvel at Rui's powerful Mind Palace.

What an incredible technique… I do not think that I can build such an enormous mental landscape to store and process vast amounts of data in such a systematic way. Is this the reason behind the confidence in your ability to withstand a high level of data influx?

"Partially," Rui remarked. "However, I would not be nearly as confident if you didn't have the ability to read my mind and coordinate your info dump into my head with my Mind Palace."

…I see. However, even that can only partially mitigate the suffering and the pain that will come with an overflood of information. You will suffer. Perhaps enough to lose your sanity.

"Thanks for the pep talk," Rui sarcastically replied. "I'll be fine."

You don't know that.

"At the very least, I shall do my best not to lose my mind and become an invalid."

Even if you succeed with that, you can still suffer psychological damage.

"It's as I said." Rui narrowed his eyes. "If that is the price of adaptive evolution, then so be it."

You are insane. Do you not care about who you are?

"I am a man who pursued his dream to death and beyond," Rui replied calmly. "That is the only part of me that I care about. Everything else is secondary."

…Perhaps you won't lose your sanity after all. It doesn't seem to be like you ever had it in the first place.

Rui huffed lightly. "Sanity is overrated. More importantly, I have finally completed the information packet for you. I'm glad you can read my mind, so I don't have to rely on hypnosis or non-verbal communication to pass it on to you."

I shall gladly indulge in priceless knowledge from another world. I will have you guide me through this course.

-



