Chapter 2120  Final Phase



Rui sat cross-legged deep within his training chamber.

The past two years had gone purely into training. He had spent the past year mastering combining his Yin and Yang vibrations in constructive and destructive resonance. It had taken him far longer than he had hoped. That was the reason that he had to readjust his expectations for how long this particular training phase would take. Perhaps this would be the case for all serious training phases involving the development of new techniques.

After all, one of the reasons that this training phase took as long as it did was that he needed to ensure that the technique was hyper-synergetic with his Martial Mind, in addition to being innately powerful.

This was probably going to be true for most techniques from that point on in his journey in the Master Realm. Thus, it was probably for the best that he got used to greater periods of time going into training.

Things had changed quite a bit since his Apprentice days.

There had been a time when he could master a technique in just three or four months. Or, at most, half a year. In the Squire and Senior Realm, each technique had required a year of time on average.

Things were only bound to get harder from here on out.

Fortunately, he was in his prime. He was not going to stall like other Martial Masters.

VMMMmmmMMMmmmMMM

He began rapidly alternating between constructive and destructive resonance, building the transitions into his muscle memory. He needed to be able to execute them as smoothly as possible in battle with as little lag as possible. The greater the lag, the likelier his opponents would be able to read his intent based on its timing. The goal of Project Heavy Hitter was to develop a reliable offensive technique that could be of use without being a liability that was difficult to actually land on his opponents. It didn't matter how long it took, but he would not stop training until he gained maximal mastery of the transition.

Unfortunately, that wasn't even the last step. He also needed to master applying it to his offensive maneuvers. All this time he was merely dealing with the principles of his technique, rather than the application of his technique to combat.

He closed his eyes, his eyebrows furrowing with strain as he began speeding up the frequency of the transitions, trying to accomplish them quicker.

VMmMmMmM….

With each moment, it got faster and faster, turning into a monotonic hum. Unfortunately, it was much easier to maintain such swift transitions in training, not so much in practical combat.

STEP

He got up, preparing an ordinary punch to be used with Yin-Yang constructive resonance. He commenced the Yin and Yang vibrations, focusing their direction toward the end of his fist, yet he kept it in a state of destructive resonance.

His eyes sharpened as he surged forward with great power.

BOOOM!!! n/ô/vel/b//in dot c//om

A thundering shockwave emerged as the Yin and Yang vibrations converged at the end of his fist in immense constructive resonance, yielding an impact of unparalleled power. RUMBLE…

The chamber strained, tremoring as the sheer amount of power that Rui outputted was able to overwhelm even the isolation measures of the Master level chamber that he was training in.

"This…" Rui's eyes widened with shock. This was beyond his expectations.

He didn't expect that he would be able to produce such power on his first try!

"If I can just master the timing and refine my transitions…" he murmured. "Then this could be a completely different gamechanger!"

He couldn't even imagine how strong he would be with such immense destructive power at his disposal. Furthermore, he hadn't even tried combining it with any of his other techniques, thus this was far from his limit. With this, his offense would almost certainly jump from being considered the worst part of his Martial Art to being the most powerful part of his Art while simultaneously ensuring that he now had ways to take his opponent down without having to bank on stamina or any other option. His entire approach to combat could improve.

He had sensed the possibility of this such that he would never find himself fighting peers that he would be unable to take down.

He grew excited at the thought of the upgrade to his grade. He was relatively certain he would no longer be grade twenty-five if he successfully completed this technique. Perhaps he would be more than just a grade in the most optimistic circumstances.

He immediately jumped back into training, growing more determined to see the technique to the end. While he certainly missed the ease of training multiple lower grade techniques at once, training one extremely difficult technique to produce an incredible attack was proving to be a lot more satisfying than he had expected.

In the past, the reason that he often undertook the training of multiple techniques at once was because he often lacked a foundation in them. This had been the case when he first created the Hypnomatrix as well as when he created the Yggdrasil System. Now, however, he was refining something that he already had a great foundation in.

That was why it was worth it to focus on quality instead of quantity. At the same time, he knew that the cognitive limit for techniques was now a lot higher than when he was a Martial Senior, allowing him to use many techniques simultaneously in the past. However, as far as offense went, the Yin-Yang Resonance was something that took a lot of cognitive load to function. Of course, this technique also produced more offensive power than a lot of powerful offensive techniques put together.

"Quality is what I need at this point in time."

He resolved to focus on one technique at a time from that point on, having been pleased with the results of dedicating all his efforts in a single direction; a technique of unprecedented offensive power and lethality.

Rui grew more absorbed into his training as he entered the final stage of his technique.

-





Chapter 2121  Risk vs Reward



The Divine Doctor gazed at the alien lifeform with excitement.

It had been two years since he started playing with it, and it had been fun the entire time. The alien lifeform was one of the most incredible living beings he had ever come across. The more he learned about it, the more amazed he grew.

A plunge into the unknown.

An avenue of life where he was entirely clueless.

When was the last time he had come across something else?

He couldn't even remember the last time he had gotten this excited about exploring something new that he was entirely ignorant about.

Over the better part of a millennium, he had become an expert in pretty much all life, gaining the enlightenment of the Tree of Life through sheer intellect and experience. The most novel experience was discovering the Elder Tree species; however, even he had deciphered the place on the Tree of Life.

Perhaps only his ambition to heal Gaia was closest, but he was too small to study Gaia as a whole, thus he had not experienced the joy of scientific inquiry into the unknown with it.

The alien creature was different.

Not only was it truly alien to the world of Gaia, but it was also immediately available to his study, allowing him to make immensely satisfying progress with his understanding of it. Not only was it a single-celled organism, but it was also comprised of countless layers of chemicals isolated by a minutely porous substance that allowed for osmosis between each layer.

He had long concluded that the chemical dynamics across the layers were the metabolic processes that kept the creature alive. He suspected that the creature caused the metabolic processes in its body to accelerate or decelerate by causing pressure imbalances between layers, which resulted in osmosis, causing chemicals to be exchanged between layers. Furthermore he didn't find any equivalent of genes. He wasn't able to find evidence of any chemical compounds that essentially contained all genetic information of lifeform.

He suspected that the creature was a form of non-gene-centric life. A form of life that did not rely on genes entirely but merely used them as a production center for certain kinds of compounds.

"It's an entirely different model of life!" He exclaimed.

"I don't care." Emperor Rael's powerful voice grew cold. "I asked you whether you have truly unlocked the dungeon ability."

The Divine Doctor heaved a sigh. "I have. I have identified the source of the dungeon within its body."

He pulled out a picture from one of the documents lying on the table, handing it to the Emperor.

It was a blurry image of a shard of a crystal deep within a haze of shadows.

"Is this…?"

"It is the esoteric substance that caused it to dungeonify." The Divine Doctor absentmindedly remarked. "It is responsible for the warping of space and time that you so desperately want to harness. From what I can tell, it seems to be a piece of an astronomically larger crystal. I suspect that if you were to dig deep in the Mellow, you would find it."

Emperor Rael's eyes lit up at those words. If they were true, then he could potentially strike gold when the time came.

He had to admit that it was a deeply attractive prospect that he couldn't possibly ignore. He immediately put it on his list of agendas to explore.

For now, however, he had more immediate concerns.

"And you're confident you can generate the dungeon once more?" Emperor Rael asked sharply. "That is all I care about at the moment."

The Divine Doctor heaved another sigh. "Yes, I am able to generate the dungeon at will with my current understanding of the creature. All I needed to do was isolate the elements of the Mellow that was responsible for triggering the dungeon creation, through trial and error on micro samples as permitted by your son. Thus, I am able to cause the creature to produce the dungeon at any given moment."

Emperor Rael smiled. "Good. I shall prepare the time and place. You shall trigger the creation of the dungeon when and where I order you to, as stipulated by your agreements with my son."

The Divine Doctor sighed once more.

In the past, many a nation had tried to hold his interests and retain him. Yet, not a single one had ever succeeded in getting it done. No amount of gold, land, resources or power could ever move him.

Yet, the Kandrian Empire had effortlessly succeeded in ensnaring him in their shackles.

Not literally, of course.

He could leave any time he wanted. But he stayed of his own volition. He even decided to take orders from an emperor he didn't answer to. The reason was rather simple: his appreciation for what he received far exceeded what he had to tolerate.

Not only did he get permanent access to the alien flora lifeform, but he also gained greater hope of diagnosing Gaia with the help of Rui serving as a Martial stethoscope. As the sole Martial Master who also had a deep understanding of the Tree of Life, he was a priceless asset to the Divine Doctor in his greatest ambition to heal Gaia from what ailed her.

"There will be complications." The Divine Doctor told the Emperor of Harmony. "So long as you create the dungeon, the creature will undoubtedly be hostile to any and everything that enters it, including but not limited to hypnotizing it or outright killing it by ordering other hypnotized creatures."

Emperor Rael frowned. "What do you recommend then?"

"You can either employ a lot of security across the entire dungeon at all times. Or, you can allow me to disable the creature's control over the resulting dungeon, thus disabling all dangers. The price of this outcome is that the degree of the time acceleration is greatly reduced."

Emperor Rael's eyes narrowed. "How much?"

"By an order of magnitude or so, I would suspect." The Divine Doctor replied nonchalantly. "So what is it going to be? Great risk for greater reward? Or lesser rewards for greater safety?"

-n/o/vel/b//in dot c//om



Chapter 2122  Prudent choice



Rael grew thoughtful.

He had not expected to be confronted by this problem when it came to setting up the dungeon.

"…How hostile is the alien creature to life within the dungeon?"

"Quite," the Divine Doctor calmly remarked. "It actively enslaves most creatures within it and forces them to breed while creating a gradient of resources that increases the closer you get to the center of the dungeon. This increases competition for resources as the area decreases the closer one gets to the center of the dungeon, allowing only the fittest survive. In other words, last time, it created a self-improving slave army. I cannot help but wonder what it would create this time."

Emperor Rael narrowed his eyes. "You say that like it cannot be inferred from the last time."

"Correct," the Divine Doctor replied. "It is not something that can be inferred from the last time. The reason is quite simple yet infinitely fascinating. You see…"

A glint of inhuman excitement and curiosity flashed in his eyes.

"The creature is sentient."

Emperor Rael's expression grew a shade more severe.

"Not just sentient…" His gaze returned to it. "It is intelligent."

Emperor Rael's gaze grew sharper. "None of your reports mentioned anything about this."

"That's because you wanted scientific certainty." The Divine Doctor's tone was clinical. "I have yet to discover the exact biochemical mechanisms for the apparatus that serves as its intelligence, but there is no doubt that the creature is intelligent based on its responses to stimuli. They demonstrate a capacity for pattern recognition, temporal and spatial awareness, problem-solving, among other things."

"In other words, you personally believe that it is intelligent but have yet to secure enough evidence to constitute incontrovertible proof," Emperor Rael surmised. "Be that as it may, I'm inclined to trust your expertise in this particular matter. What are the risk factors involved with an ill-understood intelligent hostile force in control of such a powerful dungeon?"

"…Anything is possible," the Divine Doctor calmly remarked. "It could resort to something other than hypnosis and enslaving. After all, its circumstances are entirely different than before. It could create an environment that is hostile to all life. It could potentially use a more subtle and tricky means of sabotage that could eventually end up harming all its captors. In the worst case scenario, it could potentially end up undertaking risks of its own to try and master its control over the esoteric crystal fragment it has embedded in its body to eventually become a Sage-level creature with potent space-time power."

"…Anything is possible," the Divine Doctor calmly remarked. "It could resort to something other than hypnosis and enslaving. After all, its circumstances are entirely different than before. It could create an environment that is hostile to all life. It could potentially use a more subtle and tricky means of sabotage that could eventually end up harming all its captors. In the worst case scenario, it could potentially end up undertaking risks of its own to try and master its control over the esoteric crystal fragment it has embedded in its body to eventually become a Sage-level creature with potent space-time power."

His tone was light, but his words were heavy. Emperor Rael would be lying if he said that undertaking risks in order to maximize the benefits was something that wasn't deeply attractive. However, hearing about the possibilities brought him back to reality.

"The risks that you have elucidated upon are far beyond tolerable thresholds."

His tone was one of certainty.

At this point, what he needed was more certainty and confidence in his plans, not more time acceleration for the dungeon. If he decided to undertake the risks of the dungeon, he could potentially destroy all his plans and bring about ruin. n/o/vel/b//in dot c//om

He was already dealing with countless different variables for when he eventually would begin using all three super treasures to their absolute limit.

He had painstakingly accounted for countless different scenarios, building many different failsafes and contingencies.

He could not afford to take such immense risks atop all of this.

"Are you certain that you can get rid of all these risks with the price being that the time acceleration factor is reduced to one-tenth of the original?" Emperor Rael asked, staring at the doctor with wary eyes.

"Yes," the Divine Doctor calmly replied. "I have identified the metabolic processes responsible for secondary function in relation to the crystal fragments that the body has absorbed. I can cripple them without compromising the primary health and metabolic function of the alien lifeform."

"That is a satisfactory result," Emperor Rael remarked, nodding. "Then, proceed with this plan immediately. Give me timelines, requirements, conditions, and constraints for the creation of the dungeon. I shall commence the creation and appoint you as the head of the operation, along with a team of invigilators overseeing it. I will also rely on Martial Sages to verify the truthfulness and sincerity of your words."

The Divine Doctor didn't deign to respond, yet he didn't object either. His circumstances were such that he had no choice to comply if he didn't want to lose a once in a lifetime opportunity.

Some days, he considered relying on force to take the alien lifeform for himself. However, he knew that he simply did not have the power to do so. Else, he would have never allowed Rui to take it in the first place.

Then there was Rui himself, who he also needed and could not afford to lose as an ally.

Emperor Rael had already verified exactly how much power over the Divine Doctor these agreements had, thus he had already mapped out precisely what he could get away with.

Thus continued an unusual cooperation between the Divine Doctor and the Kandrian Empire, where both sides got what they wanted from the other.

The preparations for the dungeon went smoothly as Emperor Rael found the perfect spot in the Kandrian Empire to plant the domain. The Kandrian Empire was utterly enormous that even if a piece of land a hundred kilometers in diameter disappeared, not a single person would notice. However, he still needed to set up an entire system of administration that managed the dungeon. After all, the only way that people could enter or exit the manifold was if the manifold was dispelled. Thus, he needed to set up the system such that there were slots for a year of training so that the manifold would only be opened every time a year passed in it.

This way, there wouldn't be an unnecessary amount of exposure due to frequent opening and closing of the manifold. He wanted to ensure that the manifold remained as much of a secret from the rest of the world for as long as possible.

-



Chapter 2123  Solution



Deep in a training chamber in Darcol, Rui found himself standing before a fortified barrier.

One that was meant to aid Martial Masters in their training. He narrowed his eyes as his fist drew back while his torso coiled.

VMMM…!

The world tremored as an enormous power began surging from the depths of his body. Yin and Yang began converging unto each other in perfect disharmony, canceling each other in perfect destructive resonance.

His eyes sharpened as he surged forward, his fist blasting forth. Yin and Yang came together in perfect harmony, forming a singularity of constructive resonance at the point of contact.

It gave birth to a tremendous impact.

BOOOM!!!

CRACK!

The barrier, armed with powerful esoteric substances, failed to bear the power of the blow, cracking apart. Yet, Rui was hardly done.

BOOOM!! BOOOM!! BOOOM!!

Rui threw a flurry of blows, one after another, as he shadow-boxed, exerting himself to apply Yin-Yang resonance behind each blow. Consequently, the power of each blow rose far greater than his previous most powerful blows.

BOOOOM!!!

A powerful Yin-Yang empowered Flowing Canon allowed him to release so much power that he would have thought he was using Hypertrophic Surge at full power.

"Huff…" He heaved a sigh as he caught his breath, clenching his fist. "This…"

A faint smile appeared on his face.

He had arrived.

"Only took three years…" A murmur escaped him. "Or has it been more…?"

He had lost track of all time ever since he commenced his training phase. A century could have passed for all he knew. He had completely isolated himself from the outside world in an effort to master the technique that he had set out to complete.

And, now, he had succeeded. Project Heavy Hitter was complete.

It was a success.

Not only had he mastered Yin vibrations as far as magnitude and direction went, but he had also mastered constructive and destructive resonance as well as their rapid shifting between each other.

Then, in the past year, he had finally gone on to master them in combat. He had ingrained the sensations of applying them to all kinds of strikes that the Martial Body could possibly launch.

It was combat-ready.

And despite all that, the technique was inherently impractical. It took too long to generate the immense power that the technique was capable of. The reason for this was that while other techniques typically drew power from muscles or breathing, this technique drew power from three sources, and needed to bring them into perfect harmony in order for power to be supplied to the attack.

That took more time than ordinary attacks that merely required muscles to be flexed or breathing to occur in a certain way. It was a whole microsecond.

To a human, this was an unfathomably brief timeframe. n/ô/vel/b//jn dot c//om

To a Martial Master, however, it was too long.

The only way to apply it in combat was to keep it switched on permanently or rely on his systems of thought to allow him to use it seamlessly in combat due to foresight on what his opponent's future actions and intentions were.

The former was the solution that the Gen Temple applied. By having the technique constantly switched on, the timeframe was cut short. However, the price for this was that the technique would consume an immense amount of energy, lowering stamina to untenable degrees.

It was the weakness that Rui had exploited in the past.

He did not intend to go for this solution in general. With his Martial Mind, he was relatively certain that he could use his predictive and SOUL models to prepare attacks more than a microsecond ahead of time so that blows could land precisely and accurately.

He would have to become accustomed to striking the future rather than the present. Furthermore, relying on this option meant that he couldn't make a mistake. His precision and accuracy needed to be impeccable; otherwise, he would not hit his target properly, or the timing for constructive resonance shift would be thrown off, resulting in the blow failing to deal a powerful impact.

Sure, his systems of thought were powerful, but they were no longer absolutely invincible when he entered the Master Realm. Not only did other Martial Masters have decent systems of thought, but they also had something that he sorely lacked as a Martial Master.

"I need experience," Rui realized. "The more experience I have, the better I will be able to time this new technique due to being able to rely on not just my systems of thought, but also my intuition born from experience."

That was the reason that he needed to shore up this shortcoming. It wasn't that big a deal in the Senior Realm since, on average, Martial Seniors were much younger than Master Masters.

However, the very moment he entered the Master Realm, this shortcoming was magnified by an order of magnitude.

He had received contradicting advice from his fellow Martial Masters on the matter, too. One had said that he ought to remedy it as soon as possible, while another had said that it was best to let it accrue naturally. Ultimately, they had leaned towards not needing to focus on it in the short-term simply because experience was not something that could be hastened.

It was not possible to gain ten years' worth of experience in one year. Thus, they were of the opinion that it wasn't worth pursuing it as an active interest.

However, they didn't know what Rui knew. He was aware of a way of gathering an immense amount of experience in a short amount of time. However, it wasn't just a matter of taking less time relative to others; it was also making sure that it was the best use of his time.

After all, the dungeon did not conjure more time. No.

It just allowed him to consume time faster than others, but he still had a limited amount of time. He aged faster in the dungeon, which was a heavy price to pay. It meant that whatever he chose to do in the domain would be the best set of decisions that could be made.

He turned, facing the exit.

"I need to speak with my father."

-



Chapter 2124  The Final Treasure



All three treasures were in place.

The Divine Doctor had been ready to discharge all his duties from the very start, obligated to spend half his time on providing medical and biotechnological services. He had already upgraded the Martial Bodies of all the Martial Sages, making them substantially stronger.

In just a year, the Kandrian Empire's raw Martial power had increased by fifteen percent.

He had also further upgraded the Squire Evolution process of the Martial Union by a whopping one hundred percent, allowing new Martial Squires to emerge far stronger than their predecessors, although Rael had limited its use for the time being. Upgrading the Squire Evolution procedure would provide massive gains in the long run; however, it would put them under tremendous stress in the short run.

The Elder Tree Connection was put in place and in the span of a year, Emperor Rael had made sure to develop a robust and sophisticated mapping system that would allow the Elder Tree to communicate its intelligence in an objective and documentable format that could be shared with others in the form of intelligence reports.

This was important because even if the Elder Tree could directly implant the intelligence of the Beast Domain into the minds of the task force officers dedicated to it, it was impossible to seamlessly convert thought into data.

Thus, a special coordinate system for the Beast Domain was developed specifically for this purpose, allowing the Elder Tree to seamlessly convey the exact location that it sought to communicate.

Furthermore, the veracity of its intelligence had been verified, and the results of Rael's investigation had already proven that the Elder Tree was the real deal. From the moment they began relying on it, it had increased their Beast Domain yields by more than an order of magnitude. It was utterly astounding how the Elder Tree nonchalantly informed them of the locations of countless Master-level and even Sage-level resources.

It made the process of finding and procuring them a lot easier, quicker, and less dangerous. The Beast Domain was a difficult place to survive in, and extended periods of time in the region exponentially increased the probability of death.

It allowed Rael to quickly and secretly bolster the weapons arsenal of the Kandrian Royal Army. He made sure that there were no overt applications or utility of these extra resources. It was not time to commence the meat of his grand plan, not until his son returned.

The Manifold was undoubtedly the hardest to plan for.

It was extremely difficult to keep hidden. While Emperor Rael had done his best to keep it hidden, nothing could possibly conceal such an enormous training area appearing and disappearing from time to time. That was why it would undoubtedly be the trigger for war.

It was the most prominent and alarming of the three super treasures.

In addition to preparing the treasures themselves, Rael had made many preparations in accordance with his grand plan to elevate Kandria above the rest. Not only had he been able to flesh out all the details after gaining more certainty about what kind of variables the three treasures were, but he had also gained greater certainty and foresight into how they would act out.

He knew exactly what was necessary, and it had played an enormous role in shaping his foreign policy in the past three years.

He had deepened his bonds with all twelve Sage-level nations in East Panama, nations with only one or sometimes two Martial Sages, such as the Shionel Confederation. He had also deepened his bond with the sole technocratic Sage-level powerhouse in North Panama, the Esocline Confederation.

He had strengthened his connections with the Gen Temple in South Panama.

No one knew why he had gone through the effort of establishing such powerful bonds and alliances with nations when there was no strategic merit to doing so in the first place. No one had expected him to be so aggressive in his bridge-building.

Thankfully, he had been able to get away with it under the guise of harmony, which was an excuse that worked well when one considered his past.

Unbeknownst to everybody, it was all part of his grand plan.

In the past three years, all chess pieces had been put in place.

Everything was ready.

Everything except…

"Your Majesty, your son has just exited training," his Royal Secretary told him. "He seeks an audience with you."

A smile cracked at the edge of his mouth. "Send him in."

He had been waiting for this day for a long time.

STEP

Eventually, Rui found himself standing before his father in a throne room that was empty save for them and Sage Sayfeel, who stood behind the Emperor, faithfully protecting him at all moments.

"My son." Emperor Rael's rich voice softened as he smiled at the Void Prince. "You seem to have grown stronger."

"…I have," Rui replied, furrowing his eyebrows. "I didn't think you would meet me the very moment I left training."

"Why would I not want to meet my own son after three long years?"

Rui stirred at those words, frowning. "Aren't you super busy? You have an impending war to inevitably trigger in an attempt to realize your grand ambition. Unless you've decided to abandon that ambition or something."

Emperor Rael grew amused at his son's words. n/o/vel/b//in dot c//om

"Much has happened in the time that you have spent training in solitude," he continued. "However, now that you have returned, the time to commence my grand plan has arrived."

Rui's eyes widened with surprise. "Wait, you delayed your plan just for me? You didn't have to, you know."

"I didn't delay it for you." Emperor Rael's tone was calm. "I delayed it because my plan needs you. I told you the last time we spoke, did I not? You are the fifth treasure of Kandria. You are necessary for Kandria's ascent to greatness."

Rui frowned, tilting his head in confusion. "I'm pretty sure that I have given everything I have to offe—!"

His eyes widened as he understood what his father was referring to.

"That's right." Emperor Rael smiled knowingly. "I will have you trigger every breakthrough you are able to, across all Realms, inside the Manifold."

-



Chapter 2125  Weighing Considerations



For a moment, Rui was shocked.

Then, his mind remembered all the ways that his father could have found out about his secret. Maybe he had ordered one of his Martial Masters to watch Rui's battle against Senior Frinjschia, or maybe Sage Sayfeel had spied on them the time he broke Kane through to the Senior Realm.

The details didn't matter.

What mattered was that his father now knew.

"Well, I suppose I ought to be grateful that you didn't bring it up until now," Rui grumbled lightly. "Still, you just couldn't help but include it in your plan, could you?"

Emperor Rael lightly shrugged with a hint of wry amusement. "I suppose I couldn't."

The two of them remained silent for a moment.

"If I were to refuse, I suppose you would attempt to persuade me."

"I would certainly try, but I'm afraid that it would be a failing initiative." Emperor Rael's powerful voice was calm. "You have grown too powerful. You still don't understand what it means to be a Martial Master in human civilization; perhaps you will learn more when you visit the Panamic Martial Federation. On top of that, you are especially unique and powerful in more ways than words can describe. I am unable to influence your decision as Emperor any more than what I am willing to do. I suppose the same is also true for the Martial Union."

Rui stirred lightly at his words.

They were true.

Nothing Rael had to offer him could compel him. His father was far too intelligent to even consider standard mundane bargaining chips such as wealth, resources, or land.

Rui would outright scorn him if he dared to offer him political power. In other words, there was no way, even with his authority as Emperor, that he could compel Rui.

After all, the Kandrian Empire was not an absolute monarchy. It was a constitutional monarchy where even the emperor had limits to the extent of his ability to command. He couldn't, with the authority vested in him as Emperor, order Rui to obey all his commands.

Of course, he could deploy the Royal Army to threaten and forcefully extract any service from anybody. But that would never happen for many reasons, of course.

"So what do you say?" Emperor Rael asked with a relaxed tone. "Care to aid me with your services?"

Rui stared at him silently for a moment, heaving a sigh. "Within reason, and as long as it doesn't meaningfully impede my main priority, and as long as I can avoid the dangers that come with that, sure."

Rui stared at him silently for a moment, heaving a sigh. "Within reason, and as long as it doesn't meaningfully impede my main priority, and as long as I can avoid the dangers that come with that, sure."

Rui refused to sacrifice his interests for the sake of Kandria.

As far as he was concerned, he had done enough and more for the nation. He had bestowed upon it multiple treasures essentially free of cost. Even his father had to concede that he didn't owe this nation anything. Of course, that didn't mean he didn't care at all. It just meant that he had firm priorities and boundaries established.

Emperor Rael smiled back. "Your willingness is deeply appreciated, of course. Naturally, this isn't something I intend to pressure you to do at the cost of your personal ambition. With the training manifold, any amount of time you graciously extend to the cause will naturally translate to extremely high results."

That was true. Nôv(el)B\\jnn

Even if Rui spent less than an hour a day on this matter in the manifold, that would translate to many hours of effort per day. This was especially unproblematic to Rui because he intended to employ the manifold to speed through at least some amount of time—gaining experience as a Martial Master and experience with the new technique was his intention all along.

During that time, he could easily break a bunch of Seniors and Masters through in the manifold.

It was no wonder that the Emperor was unperturbed by his firm intentions.

"However, there are some things that you should know," Rui told him solemnly. "My power to break Squires and Seniors through is not unconditional. There are risks. If the drive isn't strong enough, it could shatter their Martial Path."

Emperor Rael's expression grew more severe. "That is a drawback I did not expect. It does alter my considerations a bit, but not too much. After all, that risk can be minimized, can it not?"

Rui nodded. "With my mind sense and SOUL System, I can gauge the intensity of their drive quite well. Thus, I should be able to evaluate whether or not one has the drive to be able to handle my breakthrough trigger."

Emperor Rael listened with deep interest. "And, as long as your intuitions are reliable, the risks ought to be minimal then."

"Perhaps," Rui remarked. "Also, it seems that you are only aware of half the truth when it comes to my ability to trigger breakthroughs."

Emperor Rael raised an eyebrow. "Oh? And what is this other half?"

"My ability to trigger breakthroughs to the Apprentice Realm."

Emperor Rael grew surprised. "…I have never heard of such a thing."

"I only ever used it once." Rui's tone was calm. "I kept it a secret because I wasn't strong enough to bear the consequences back then, but I am now. Of course, within reason. If the whole world came to know, I'd be screwed."

Emperor Rael grew silent as he fell into deep consideration. A new and powerful variable had appeared. He needed to account for all of its consequences on the war between Kandria and the three Sage-level powerhouses of East Panama.

"…If what you're saying is true, then it means we've gained yet another treasure that will greatly benefit us in the long term while simultaneously bringing us more pressure in the short term," Emperor Rael keenly analyzed the matter. "This particular treasure will merely confirm to the other three Sage-level powerhouses that this war is do or die. With this, there will be no doubt in their minds that if they do not manage to overcome Kandria in this war, they will never be able to do it again."



Chapter 2126  Strategic Outlook



If Rael decided to use Rui's breakthrough to the Apprentice Realm to its absolute fullest, then the stakes for both sides in the war skyrocketed. A greatly enlarged supply of Martial Apprentices meant that in the future, Kandria would greatly surpass all the other Sage-level powerhouses in the quantity of Martial Artists.

In other words, it truly was do or die at that point in time before the additional supply of Martial Artists made a genuine difference.

"Martial Apprentices cannot affect the strategic outlook of an all-out war."

Neither of them had any delusions in that regard.

"When the war will have escalated to its prime height, the only classes of Martial Artists that will be able to affect the strategic outlook of the war are Martial Sages and Martial Masters," Emperor Rael remarked, engrossed in thought. "More Apprentices will bring us no real benefits in the war but will alarm our enemies and make them even more desperate to attack and destroy us."

"…Are you saying that it isn't worth it?" Rui raised an eyebrow.

"I'm saying that in order for it to be worth it, I need to be damn certain that it doesn't get us destroyed."

"…I was under the impression that they would be trying to do that anyway." Rui frowned. "Might as well go all out. After all, if they are always going to use their net military to take us down, then it literally cannot get worse." n/ô/vel/b//in dot c//om

"There is merit in that." Rael stirred. "However, you're wrong. It can get worse. I hope I don't need to remind you that there is more to the continent than just East Panama. There are Sage-level powerhouses in all four corners of the continent. They might decide that the threat of being able to trigger Apprentice breakthroughs on top of all the other treasures is too much to ignore and decide to participate."

Rui grew grave at the mention of the possibility of additional Sage-level powerhouses getting involved.

It was bad enough that they were facing the Britannian Empire, the Sekigahara Confederate, and the Republic of Gorteau. That alone was a nightmare, with almost no hope in an overwhelming majority of situations.

If any more Sage-level powerhouses joined the fray, then Rui was deeply skeptical of their ability to not lose, even if they had his father on their side.

"…It's tolerable."

Rui's eyes widened at his father's words. "The distance between the four Sage-level powerhouses is absolutely enormous," Emperor Rael remarked. "The distance between us and the other Sage-level powerhouse across the continent is even larger. In other words, it is deeply impractical for them to wage war against us over such vast expanses. That is why the Kandrian Empire has never been involved in conflicts with the Virodhabhasa Theocracy or the Solaris Kingdom in West Panama."

Rui stirred in consideration of his father's words. "That makes sense. It's difficult to project power so far away from their territory. Only Martial Sages can cross such massive expanses in a reasonable amount of time without wasting too much of their stamina."

Even for Martial Masters, crossing this great distance with the Martial Mind active would take days of actual travel time, while the drawbacks of the Martial Mind would force them to sleep, leaving themselves vulnerable in the middle of war far away from home. It was anything but ideal.

"Not only that, but it isn't as though these nations are simply sitting around with all the free time in the world to be bothering about things happening on the other side of the world," Emperor Rael remarked knowingly. "No, they're embroiled in their own conflicts and local matters, which affect them far more materially and directly than anything happening in East Panama. Thus, I deem the probability low enough to be manageable as long as I keep an eye on the geopolitical dynamics in the other parts of the continent."

Rui shrugged. "Well, it's all your headache to handle."

"Well, more importantly, I need you to send me a report on the limits and constraints of this ability of yours." Emperor Rael's gaze shifted to his son. "I will carefully integrate it into my grand plan accordingly."

"Sure, as long as you don't forget what I said before. I tend to spend an overwhelming majority of the day on training. I don't mind offering help on these kinds of matters as long as it doesn't infringe on my training."

"I hear you, my son." Emperor Rael's rich voice was reassuring. "Now then, why did you come to seek me?"

It was Rui who sought an audience immediately after he was done with training. "Ah, I wanted to borrow the manifold for gathering experience," Rui informed him. "You see, I just mastered a technique that requires extremely high foresight, which I could get with my systems of thought, but…"

He shook his head lightly, "…there are things gained from experience that no amount of thought could ever hope to compensate for."

"Hm, well, that is no problem at all, but…" Emperor Rael raised an eyebrow, "…I have a faint suspicion that it won't be nearly as convenient as you seem to think it will."

Rui frowned. "What is that supposed to mean?"

"Experience, true experience, is not so easy to procure," his father eruditely remarked. "Then again, I suppose I have no standing to offer advice on Martial matters. However, remember that quality of experience matters just as much as quantity."

Rui stared at him with uncertainty. The Kandrian Empire had some of the finest Martial Masters across all of human civilization. This was proven by the fact that it was able to cultivate a grade-thirty Martial Master, of which there were only three in all of East Panama.

Unless he meant…

"Like I said, I shall abstain from commenting on matters that are beyond my personal fields of expertise," he remarked. "The manifold is ready. Now that you have come out of training, I shall commence its operation and accelerate the use of the other treasures."

His eyes narrowed as his tone grew heavier.

"I have prepared for three years for this day. Kandria's ascent to greatness shan't be delayed any longer."

-



Chapter 2127  Operation Transcension

n/o/vel/b//in dot c//om

The re-emergence of the Void Prince sent a message to the highly select few who knew what was in store for Kandria's future.

All sixteen Martial Sages. The Grand General of the Kandrian Royal Army. The Grand Admiral of the Kandrian Royal Navy. The Minister of Defense. The Minister of National Security.

These were the key individuals in the nation who had been informed by the Emperor of his grand plan. They were too significant in their roles to play in what was to come to be left in the dark. None of them knew why the Emperor chose to wait for his son to re-emerge from his training to commence his grand plan.

None of them had been made privy to the entirety of his grand plan, either. The Emperor of Harmony had stuck to a need-to-know basis for his grand plan, refusing to reveal even a hint more than was necessary.

Yet, despite this, not a single person objected to this.

Had it been anyone else, they would not have allowed one person to take full control of the planning. As participants of the war, they each had a stake, and thus an interest and valid justification in demanding a seat at the table.

However, their trust in the Emperor of Harmony was high enough that in the past three years, not once had they demanded a seat at the table.

And now the time had come.

Briefly, after Rui Quarrier Silas Kandria emerged from his three-year training session, a single secret royal command left the Kandrian Throne Hall.

"Commence Operation Transcension."

Operation Transcension, Emperor Rael's grand plan, had begun.

Immediately, the furtive Elder Tree task force began aggressively gathering intelligence from the Elder Tree, communicating it to the Royal Army and the Martial Union, who began preparing widespread covert operations to raid the Beast Domain for precious resources of various kinds and sorts to bring back home.

This would cause a massive surge in the supply of precious resources, an outcome that Emperor Rael had foreseen and long prepared for. In the past three years, the clandestinely disguised and hidden inventory warehouses that used to be employed by the now-deceased black market had been converted into storage and processing warehouses for the impending surge of precious resources.

Rather than expend massive capital expenditure into creating brand-new hidden storage and smuggling infrastructure and resources, he simply repurposed the Underworld's resources and hard work to his own needs.

So long as he could do that, he could drastically cut down on expenses and also the probability of his activities being noticed by the other three Sage-level powerhouses. It had been Emperor Rael's intention from the very start when Rui had told him that he had managed to rope the Silas Clan into the Kandrian Empire.

Simultaneously, the manifold too was rapidly commenced and put into operation in the depths of one of the uninhabited forests in Kandria. The Kandrian Empire possessed many uninhabited regions due to just how vast its territory was for a population of nearly two hundred million citizens.

No one was going to notice a land, a hundred kilometers wide, disappearing out of nowhere.

And no one did, especially with two Martial Sages employing their full power to hide it from the sensory perception of the outside world.

The Divine Doctor, much to his displeasure, was put to much more work than ever before.

From upgrading the Martial Bodies of Martial Sages to Martial Masters to the strongest of Seniors such as the Gatekeeper, he had already comprehensively improved the power of the upper echelons of Kandria significantly.

Furthermore, he had also improved the biotechnology of Kandria significantly as well, greatly empowering the Kandrian Royal Armyl. The mass secret manufacturing and implementation of his new formulas were also commenced.

The Silas Clan began its future surveillance for dangers and threats immediately upon receiving the command from the Emperor of Harmony. Naturally, Emperor Rael promised heavy compensation and remuneration, such as longevity potions galore and other Martial resources.

He was able to promise such extravagant payments because the surplus influx that would flood the Kandrian Empire was going to be so great that none of them would ever fall short in any regard.

The trickiest to operate was the training manifold, for it was jointly owned by the Martial Union, the Kandrian Empire government, and the Void Prince. Thus, Emperor Rael had set up a robust system that allowed all three parties to smoothly control the dungeon without getting in each other's way.

Ten thousand square kilometers was a lot of area in general, but it was surprisingly little considering how extremely precious it was.

The entire area was divided equally between all five Realms of the Kandrian Empire, which meant Martial Artists of any given Realm had ten times as much training area as those of lower Realms. A massive training facility spanning a hundred kilometers, dubbed the Kandrian Martial Chambers, had been created inside the manifold, costing both the government and Martial Union an astronomical amount of wealth and resources.

Ordinarily, this would have been untenable economically, but Emperor Rael went all out nonetheless because the Elder Tree would replenish all invested resources and far more with an enormous surplus of precious resources.

And he was right.

It was only after the fifth treasure began working his magic that the leaders of the Martial Union and the Royal Army understood why Emperor Rael had been adamant in refusing to start Operation Transcension until the Void Prince stepped out of his training.

Normally, no single Martial Master was ever so strategically important to be worth delaying such massive and important designs for the future.

But as they all came to realize, the Void Prince was absolutely worth it.

Not a single one of the leaders of Kandria could even begin to fathom what they saw when humans began turning into Apprentices, Squires into Seniors, and Seniors into Martial Masters.

Emperor Rael sat upon his throne.

A smile of confidence emerged on his face.

"Now we wait."

-



Chapter 2128  Clash of Harmonies



His talk with his father had given Rui some insight into just how serious Emperor Rael was about seeing it to the end. Not that he expected his father not to, but his ambition had slipped to the back of Rui's mind.

The only thing that consumed his mind for the past three years was his own ambition.

Project Water.

Specifically, Project Heavy Hitter.

He still had yet to come up with a name for the technique even though it was very much complete.

"I'll figure it out when I gain inspiration." He shook his head. "For now…"

For now, he was much too eager to test his new strength and understand how much it had grown thanks to the technique.

Normally, one technique alone would never make that much of a difference, but Rui had a feeling that it would be a game-changer.

That was why he later found himself standing before Master Vertol at Darcol that day. "Thank you for coming on such short notice, Master Vertol." Rui smiled at the elder Master who had just arrived before him. "I hope I haven't troubled you all too much."

"Not at all, Your Highness." The older man nodded at Rui with acknowledgement. "You caught me at a good time. On top of that, I have been in your debt the past three years, you see."

Rui raised an eyebrow. "Oh?"

"It is thanks to you that my Martial Body has grown stronger," Master Vertol continued. "I'll leave it at that."

Rui's eyes lit up as he instantly understood what the man was referring to.

"I see…" he faintly murmured. "It seems much has happened in the past three years."

Master Vertol laughed boisterously. "I suppose that is true. Much has happened, and much will continue to happen. Am I right, Void Prince?"

He gazed at Rui knowingly. It became clear that he possessed some understanding of what the future had in store for the Kandrian Empire. Whether he inferred it from his own observations and experiences or whether he was told in confidence by the Martial Sages of the Earth Sect, Rui didn't know. He supposed it didn't matter, considering that Master Vertol was a high-tier Martial Master who had a level of power to merit some forewarning of what was to come. The same was true for many other Martial Masters.

While Martial Sages would become the most important class, Martial Masters' ability to inflict harm on civilizations and cripple their growth was too high for them not to be relevant to the strategic outlook. n/ô/vel/b//jn dot c//om

He supposed it didn't matter, considering that Master Vertol was a high-tier Martial Master who had a level of power to merit some forewarning of what was to come. The same was true for many other Martial Masters.

While Martial Sages would become the most important class, Martial Masters' ability to inflict harm on civilizations and cripple their growth was too high for them not to be relevant to the strategic outlook.

It was interesting to ponder, but it was not important to Rui at the moment.

"I hope you will aid me in testing my newfound offensive power, Master Vertol," Rui requested him. "While I have other ways of testing it, I have exerted my offensive power against you the most previously. Thus, unless you have grown massively stronger since our last battle, you can help me understand just how strong my offensive power has grown."

"Hahaha. Ah, Master Rui, I have not changed one bit in the past three years." The elder Master smiled wryly. "Not everyone can grow as fast as you after breaking through the Master Realm. It's not for lack of trying, I can assure you."

Rui stared at him for a moment. "Nonetheless, I appreciate you taking the time to come see me out here and aid me with self-evaluation. Then…"

Rui drew his fist back while his torso coiled, gathering power. His legs spread, giving him stability and solidity.

"Hah, come, Void Prince." The elder Master grinned, taking a Sumo-like stance. "Show me just how much you have grown in the past three years!"

VMMMmmm…!

The Yin-Yang Shield blazed into life, radiating pure power as its harmonic vibrations hummed through heaven and earth upon the dawn of the technique. Yet, no amount of forewarning could have protected his composure when he detected another source of harmonic vibrations.

VMMMmmm…!

His eyes widened as he detected the harmony of Yin and Yang within Rui. Although the principles were extremely inscrutable and almost impossible to decipher, he could instinctively tell that whatever technique Rui was using was based on the same principles as the Yin-Yang Shield technique.

"You…!" The man stared at Rui, aghast, as a soft grin cracked at the edge of Rui's mouth. "Here I come."

Rui surged forth while Master Vertol gritted his teeth, hedging himself in place. The powerful attack surged forth with tremendous power contained within the depths of Rui's body. What followed exceeded either of their imaginations.

At the moment of contact, disharmony turned into harmony as constructive resonance between the two sets of Yin and Yang vibrations formed a tremendous convergence of power upon a single point, resulting in a massive collision of equal and opposite power.

BOOOOOM!!!

A devastatingly enormous crater emerged around them across Daracol as the sheer amount of power they outputted had nowhere else to go, manifesting the devastating destruction that Martial Masters were capable of.

"Rgh!" The two Martial Masters grimaced as the immense power at the point of collision pushed them back.

"…Damn." Rui glanced at his bruised fist.

The collision had been so powerful that it didn't matter who the attacker and the defender were.

However, that also meant…

"Rngh…" The elder stood back up, revealing an enormous bruise on his paunch. "Unbelievable…"

He gazed at Rui with a stunned expression. "To think you managed to crack the principles of the Gen Temple and applied them to an offensive technique. Not only that but its power rivals that of the Yin-Yang Shield. Truly, it is a feat that I thought was impossible."

Rui smiled, glancing at his hands. "I had been looking for ideas to create an offensive technique, and the Yin-Yang Shield technique looked to be quite powerful and potent. Thus, it perfectly fit my needs."

"…So you decided to endeavor to crack a technique that has successfully evaded disclosing its truth to all scrutiny? Hah…" The older man shook his head. "You are something else."

-



Chapter 2129  Perseverant



"I'm not done yet." Rui smiled. "I will test my new offensive technique to my heart's content."

"Hah, bring it on then." Master Vertol grinned. "My defense isn't just for show."

Although he said that, he was still deeply stunned at the revelation that Rui had cracked the principles of the technique upon his first observation of them three years ago.

Rui had also managed to successfully inflict damage on him, unlike last time. This showed that this technique alone surpassed his previous offensive technique. It was a tremendous boost that the Void Prince treated as entirely normal and mundane.

In other words, he was accustomed to such tremendous growth that even this was hardly worth remarking to him. To Master Vertol, this was hard to wrap his head around. The only time in his entire life that he had made such growth was when he mastered the Yin-Yang Shield technique through the secret methodology of the Gen Temple centuries ago.

Yet, despite that, he refused to cede ground to Rui's newfound growth. If the Void Prince was destined to surpass him anyway, then he ought to make sure that he maintained parity for as long as possible. Alas, Rui definitely didn't make that easy for him.

BOOM BOOM BOOOOOM!!!

The two Masters got into a furious brawl at close quarters as Rui, running in circles, peppered him with blows, one after another. All the maneuvering and foresight weapons he had at his disposal came to use now that he finally inflicted damage on his opponent.

Last time, none of it mattered since not even Hypertrophic Surge had been able to penetrate the man's Yin-Yang Shield.

Now, however—

BOOOM!!

A powerful blow crashed into the elder Martial Master's throat, choking him on the spot.

"Breathing Crucifix," Rui whispered, adding fuel to the fire. He deliberately abstained from using Hypertrophic Surge or the Metabody in general.

He didn't want the battle to end too quickly.

BOOM BOOM BOOM!!

Rui relied on the predictive and SOUL models that he had created in their last battle.They were entirely relevant as the combatants had not changed much since neither Rui's Martial Art nor Master Vertol himself had fundamentally changed as a person at his depths.

BOOOM!!!

"Rgh!" Master Vertol grimaced as Rui used Outer Convergence with the Yin-Yang Shield technique. A deep shade of red and purple formed on his abdomen as Rui continued reaching greater heights of power than he ever had before. He had practiced using Outer Convergence with his new technique during training, but he had never been certain whether the muscle memory he had developed was good enough for it to be viable in combat.

That was why Rui had chosen Master Vertol to test his newfound power against. He was a passive-defensive type who was perfectly content standing in one place, never once moving from his spot. The only times he deviated from this strategy were in circumstances like his first fight against Rui, where he had no choice aside from pursuing victory aggressively as a chaser would.

BOOOM!!!

"Rgh!" Master Vertol leaped backward with a grim expression.

Rui, however, only grew more delighted as the first Flowing Canon, empowered by his new technique and Outer Convergence, turned out to be even more powerful than he had ever imagined.

However, much to his dismay, he could not use Fire Breathing with this particular technique. His new technique required the diaphragm much more to generate vibrations than Fire Breathing technique needed it for, well, breathing. The two techniques were physically contradictory and thus, they couldn't be used simultaneously. He had to choose between them.

Except that it wasn't even remotely close.

Of course, his new technique was exclusively reserved for when his predictive and SOUL models were limited. Thus, in most cases, he would be using Fire Breathing in the initial stages of a fight.

BOOM BOOM BOOOOOM!!

Rui continued peppering Master Vertol with blow after blow, testing how the technique felt in real combat to gain an understanding of how to use it best. It was very different from using it in training.

Thus, he mostly treated this sparring battle as a means of building the 'sense' of using the technique. His opponent, however, was not content with simply heading towards loss without putting up a single fight.

However, it was impossible to even touch Rui with any of his attacks.

WHOOSH WHOOSH WHOOSH

Each time he launched a blow at Rui, the latter evaded it effortlessly. Rui saw his attacks coming when the patterns pointed to them.The SOUL model also translated the inception of intent, showing Rui what Master Vertol's intended attack was going to be.

However, Rui refused to make the same mistake as last time. As he peered into the elder Martial Artist's eyes, he didn't see someone who was simply fighting in vain.

No. n/ô/vel/b//in dot c//om

He knew he was looking at a man who had not only not given up, but could see the possibility of victory.

Master Vertol had undoubtedly experienced many battles where his opponent could not only damage him but also avoid all attacks that he threw. Was Rui truly inclined to believe that the man had not developed a strategy in his Martial Mind to overcome precisely this kind of battle dynamic?

'No.' Rui narrowed his eyes. 'This man has something up his sleeve. I shouldn't underestimate his craftiness like I did last time.'

He made a choice. A choice to end the battle as quickly as possible. The longer Rui prolonged it, the greater the probability that Master Vertol would be able to successfully pull his strategy off.

His eyes narrowed as his muscles grew larger, brimming with immense energy. The Sandflower Nectar potion that he had consumed three years ago gave him an immense upgrade in his net energy reserves.

Master Vertol grew more grave as the sheer amount of power that Rui unleashed far exceeded his wildest expectations.

BOOOOOM BOOOOOM BOOOOOM!!

The end of the battle rapidly arrived as Master Vertol pushed himself to the very limit.

-



