Chapter 2190  Leaving Considerations



Rui's eyes widened as she pronounced her judgment and sentence on him.

He did not expect her to sentence him to exile and banishment. From this day forth, he would not be able to return to the Panamic Martial Federation ever again. In addition, he would never be able to access any of their resources or capital, not to mention join any of their constituents.

If not for the fact that he was already a part of the Martial Union, he would not have been able to remain in it either. In other words, he was cut off from many of the most powerful Martial organizations, resources, and networks. Not to mention that he had no ability to influence laws that he would be subject to without any protection from its provisions.

He heaved a soft sigh, shaking his head. It was hardly pleasant; however, there was nothing that he could do about it.

In his case, he thankfully was someone who trained and grew stronger in a way that wasn't too affected by this outcome. However, being denied access to the incredible training resources was something that definitely hurt.

Under normal circumstances, he would be much more troubled by the loss of access to all these resources. But strangely enough, he wasn't too moved by it. After all…

'I have the Kandrian Empire.'

It was as simple as that.

With its current trajectory, it was possible that the Kandrian Empire would one day be able to give him everything that the Panamic Martial Federation could. As long as they won the war and were able to consolidate their gains, the things he lost by indulging his grudge in the Federation would be reattained within the Kandrian Empire.

However, not everybody took his sentencing as well as he did, ironically enough.

"Your Sagehood…!" The Master tasked with watching over him grew stunned at her choice.

However, Sage Kole looked unapologetic. "And with that, this case is concluded. Escort Master Rui out of here and out of the Panamic Martial Federation."

"Your Sagehood!" The Master refused to relent. "This sentence is—!"

He froze as a tsunami of perilous power crashed on him, leaving him entirely paralyzed.

"You are merely a guard in this hall." Her soft yet sharp voice grew. "Know your place."

The man gritted his teeth as he bowed his head softly before turning to glare at Rui as he escorted him away as he was told.

Sage Kole rolled away in her wheelchair nonchalantly.

"Er, Your Sagehood, there are more cases awaiting your judgment." One Master frowned. "…They are no longer of my concern," she remarked as she slowly left the judging hall.

She had several urgent matters to get to as soon as possible.

Rui, on the other hand, immediately began descending after collecting his belongings. His exile was immediately in effect; thus, he was to leave at once. Yet, it wasn't even so bad when he knew that the Panamic Martial Federation would be more pissed off than he was.

He couldn't even imagine how many people would be deeply displeased by Sage Kole's decision. Many of them were hoping to use this as an opportunity to squeeze all the juicy secrets of the Kandrian Empire out of him.

"What a wonderful day it is…" he commented with a smile as he descended from atop the massive tectonic plate that cradled the eastern headquarters of the Panamic Martial Federation, admiring the vast expanses of land and water that stretched out far in the distance.

He had overstayed his visit to the Panamic Martial Federation more than expected. Thus, he knew that his transport was already gone.

"Oh well, time to go by foot."

He surged off into the distance as he thought of Sage Kole.

"I wonder how long it will take for her to come," he remarked to himself.

He knew that resigning from being a judge and leaving the Panamic Martial Federation was something that could not be done within a day. However, as a Martial Sage, there was probably little that stood in her way of quitting.

Even if she was crippled, the Panamic Martial Federation was fundamentally structured with Martial Artists in mind. Thus, there was no one that had authority over her as a Martial Sage. As such, she would undoubtedly make her way to the Kandrian Empire very shortly. In that case, he ought to go on ahead without needing to wait for too long.

He immediately set off back home towards the Kandrian Empire without much concern. All in all, things didn't get as bad as they could have, and that alone was worth celebrating. On top of that, he finally managed to get revenge and kill Uma and took a step toward the Sage Realm.

Furthermore, he had succeeded in the mission that his father had given him.

With this, the Kandrian Empire would have procured a part of the power that it needed. Assuming that the other Martial Sages had also succeeded, this ensured that the Sage-level power of the Empire would rise to much greater levels.

Considering that Martial Sages were the most important part of any war between Sage-level nations, it was no wonder that his father was so determined to get as many Martial Sages to join Kandria and swear loyalty to the throne or the Martial Union.

All in all, things were most likely on track.

Which meant that war was most likely not too far from breaking out.

After all, it had been a month since he had started breaking Apprentices through. Since then, he had no doubt that the other three Sage-level powerhouses had been breaking their backs trying to learn of the secret. Eventually, they would decide that enough was enough and simply attack the Kandrian Empire.

Furthermore, they hadn't even run into the other treasures of the Kandrian Empire yet. The moment they did, they would very soon realize that they should have waged war from the very start. When considering all these variables, there were hard limits on how much more time war could be delayed.

"A few months, no more." Rui's eyes narrowed. n/ô/vel/b//jn dot c//om

He couldn't wait.

-



Chapter 2191  No Choice



The Martial World and the political sphere had been looking forward to Rui's trial. After all, it would undoubtedly serve as an opportunity to legally obtain the method of the Kandrian Empire's mass Apprentice breakthroughs.

It didn't matter if the Panamic Martial Federation was staunchly against forcing Martial Artists to divulge their secrets. The same powers that had played a role in instating these principles looked forward to them being broken.

That was how precious being able to manufacture Martial Artists was.

Principles would not be able to protect them from the Kandrian Empire if it fully exploited the potential of this miraculous power. n/o/vel/b//in dot c//om

There was no such thing as unconditional principles in the world of Martial Art. Everything had a limit.

That was why not a single one of them was able to maintain their composure when they heard of the outcome of what was supposed to be a slam dunk case.

"Exile…?"

In the presidential headquarters of the Republic of Gorteau, President Raymond gritted his teeth as he read through a copy of the case files of Rui's criminal lawsuit.

"EXILE?!" he bellowed with rage. "ARE YOU FUCKING KIDDING ME?!"

BANG

He slammed his fist down on the wooden table before him as his eyes swept across his presidential administration.

"How did this happen?" He snarled. "I thought I told you to tip the attending Sage Kole generously. I don't care if we spend a hundred billion. I need that mass breakthrough method!"

His chief of staff grew more grave at his rage. "We did, Mr. President. We transferred the amount to Sage Kole's account the day we learned that she had been chosen to judge the Dawnbringer. However, it appears that she does not care."

"Did you make sure you used the institutions of the Panamic Martial Federation to pressure her?" President Raymond narrowed his eyes.

"The judiciary is not beholden to the legislative and the executive branches of the Panamic Martial Federation, Mr. President." She shook her head. "These were the arrangements that were put in place to ensure that the judiciary would be able to perform its role without political impediment. On top of that, Sage Kole is notorious for being highly reclusive. When not performing her duties as a judge, she leads an isolated lifestyle. There is simply nothing that we could do to influence her."

"That traitorous cripple of a Sage!" He snarled. "How dare she betray the Panamic Martial Federation? File a claim of treachery against her!"

"I'm afraid that'll accomplish nothing, Mr. President." His advisor shook his head. "High Judges are not obligated to act in the interests of the Panamic Martial Federation. They only have one duty and one oath: to pass judgment and sentences in adherence to the Federation bylaws. Even if it comes at the cost of the interests of the Panamic Martial Federation."

The Panamic Martial Federation was a deeply decentralized organization for the sake of ensuring that its institutions were never captured in the power plays of human civilization. Even if every Martial power desired for Rui to be subjected to the harshest of penalties, such as lifelong Martial bondage, it was a judge's duty to pass a sentence that was proportional to the crimes of the defendant and nothing else.

"Even still, exile?!" President Raymond gritted his teeth in frustration. "Couldn't she have given him anything that could be used as leverage to extract his secrets?"

"Unfortunately, she has adhered to the protocols of the penal code to the T. We do not have anything against her."

Martial law worked differently from that of human law.

Martial Artists were too precious to be locked up and have their potential sabotaged. It was harmful to Martial Art as a whole, as the very nature of Martial Art was the art of violence, which was inherently illegal in most jurisdictions. Therefore, variables such as the probability of re-offending, awareness, and intent played a greater role in reducing criminal liability.

In that regard, her judgment and sentencing were spotless and could not be used as grounds to challenge her competence as a judge and have the ruling thrown out. "Damn it all…!" President Raymond grew more frustrated at his inability to get his hands on the secret of the mass Apprentice breakthroughs. "Forget it. How are the investigations into the breakthroughs going?"

"…Not well, Mr. President." The director of the Federal Bureau of Intelligence grew grim. "I have deployed our greatest resources. We have yet to find what we are seeking. However, our very latest reports show that we have thirteen promising leads."

President Raymond grew surprised at that revelation. "Thirteen? Isn't that too much?"

"It is unusual," the director admitted. "However, we have no choice but to pursue all of them to the very end."

"How long will that take?" President Raymond narrowed his eyes.

"No more than three months, at the very maximum," the director reassured him. "Three months it is then." President Raymond's gaze shifted to a missive beside him. "Any longer and I will have no choice but to wage war."

The missive bore the crest of the Britannian Empire.

Within it was a letter stamped with the imperial seal of the Prime Minister.

In the past month or so, Prime Minister Edward Gel Dermont had written to him many times, pointing out that war was the only outcome—the secret of the mass Apprentice breakthroughs would not be discoverable without invading Kandria, and that all their efforts were useless.

President Raymond had scoffed at him in the beginning, but he could not help but slowly come to the realization that the man's words were increasingly proven to be true.

He came to the realization that perhaps war truly was inevitable.

If that was the case, they would only be harming themselves with each day they delayed it, giving the Emperor of Harmony more time to prepare.

President Raymond had half a mind to do away with this investigative effort. However, he needed to see it to the end, considering how much had been invested in it.

"You better bring me results soon."

"Yes, Mr. President."

-



Chapter 2192  Life-Changing Decisions



While the world abused Sage Kole for wasting a golden opportunity, she found herself being entirely unperturbed.

One of the reasons that she isolated herself in reclusive solitude bar her servants was precisely because she detested the tendency of the world to pressure her away from discharging her duties.

As a high Martial Judge, she was accustomed to dealing with particularly powerful Master criminals. Such powerful Martial Artists always had powerful parties invested in the outcomes of the trials.

She would always find her balance stuffed with credited transfers from multiple parties before each trial.

They were nothing more than blatant bribes.

However in the case of Rui, even she had been surprised when she had received hundreds of billions of gold coins in total from countless parties across the entirety of the Panama Continent.

Even if he was the youngest and most prodigious Master in history, she did not understand the fuss behind such powerful bribes to get him sentenced to the harshest sentences there were.

Unfortunately for them, she did not intend to operate any differently than she normally did. A lack of any history of criminality and a clean history of cooperation combined with the context of his actions led her to believe that he was not a threat to Martial Art. Thus, exile was hardly unfit, especially when the philosophy behind the protocols of the penal code of the Panamic Martial Federation was to preserve potential unless doing so came at the cost of Martial Art.

In truth, she had been blessed.

If Rui had had a history of criminality, then she would have no choice but to subject him to lifelong bondage or imprisonment. This would have made it much more difficult for her to head to the Kandrian Empire and swear loyalty. She could only hope that his offer still remained despite the exile judgment.

She should have been praised for her ability to withstand such external pressure. Yet, she was only chastised for her choices.

"What were you thinking?" Sage Larra confronted her friend with sharp eyes.

Sage Kole simply paused her automated wheelchair as she met eyes with the woman standing before her with a stern expression.

"About whether I should hand in my resignation now or later," she replied with a stoic tone.

"What?!" Sage Larra widened her eyes with shock. "Why?!"

Sage Kole glanced at her shivering hands. No matter how much she tried, she was unable to control them. It brought her more despair and frustration than words could begin to describe.

"…To pursue a new future," she answered as she spurred forward past her friend. "One that I have only experienced in dreams."

Sage Larra frowned as she turned around to the leaving figure of her friend. "Where are you going?"

Sage Kole narrowed her eyes. "The Kandrian Empire."

Sage Larra's eyes remained wide with shock as she witnessed her friend leave silently.

It wasn't long before news of the resignation of the High Judge Sage Kole spread throughout the Panamic Martial Federation.

However, she had already descended from the lofty headquarters of the Panamic Martial Federation in a special carriage. One that headed straight to a single destination.

The Kandrian Empire.

Mixed emotions appeared on her face.

Hope and fear.

The most logical course of action in her position, with benefits in mind, was to acquit Rui. This way, when she went to the Emperor of Harmony, she would be certain that she would be healed.

Yet, she chose not to go that route.

"It is not who I am." Her eyes flashed with clarity and certainty.

She could only hope that the Emperor of Harmony was still willing to continue with the agreement that she had made with his son. Even though Rui had signed off on it, it was clear that it was his father who had initiated this offer.

By the time she reached the Kandrian Empire, she felt nervous for the first time in centuries. It couldn't be helped.

There was too much at stake.

Yet, before her carriage could come anywhere near the Kandrian Empire fortress wall, she was stopped.

RUMBLE

Sage Kole narrowed her eyes as an immense aura of power washed over the carriage, paralyzing the driver. A Martial Sage.

"Exit the vehicle," Sage Farana ordered with an unyielding tone.

In her current state, Sage Kole was in no position to defy one of her peers. On top of that, she did not want to increase the likelihood of being remembered as a pain in the past to deal with.

CLACK

She adhered calmly, showing herself before the Martial Sage of the Kandrian Border Patrol Force. The woman who stood before was garbed in ostentatious Martial attire adorned with a beautiful crest that was the coat of arms of the Kandrian Empire. She approached Sage Kole with a rigid and disciplined gait, sizing her up with a stern expression.

"Sage Kole," she remarked with a composed tone, "His Majesty has informed us about your arrival and is likewise aware of your arrival."

"Then…"

"His Majesty has summoned you," Sage Farana calmly informed her. "He wishes to speak to you right away."

Sage Kole understood that the domineering edge in her words did not belong to her.

No.

It belonged to the Emperor of Harmony.

Yet, that only made her hopeful.

The fact that he was summoning her despite knowing what she had done to his son was a good sign.

"Coincidentally, I'm informed that the Void Prince is there too and has also sought your presence," Sage Farana continued. "I am ready," Sage Kole declared without hesitation. "Take me to His Majesty." n/ô/vel/b//jn dot c//om

SNAP

Sage Farana bent heaven and earth as she shifted Sage Kole at incredible speeds, sending her coursing through the air like a flash of light.

One second, she was outside the Kandrian Empire.

The very next, however, she found herself in the Kandrian Throne Hall as she beheld the Emperor of Harmony gazing at her from atop the Royal Throne.

-



Chapter 2193  Did You Know?



Rui's journey took longer than he had expected, but he didn't mind it. He realized that it was the first time he had traveled outside the Kandrian Empire on foot in a while. The last time he had done that was when he returned from the Beast Domain.

It was a good change of pace. It also gave him time to think about his visit to the Panamic Martial Federation and the fact that he was exiled from it. The most regrettable part of that was undoubtedly the fact that he would never be able to make use of the Federation's powerful training resources.

That was not something that he could pretend wasn't a big deal.

He suspected that there might come a day when he would come to regret the loss of his access to these resources.

"I better ensure that Father and the Martial Union develop all the training and growth resources that I'm missing out on with the flush of resources we will get when we win the war," Rui grumbled. Asking them to recreate all the Martial resources that he saw atop the headquarters of the Panamic Martial Federation was a pretty self-centered request, considering how incredibly taxing such an endeavor would be.

However, given everything he had already done for the Kandrian Empire, it was hardly unfair. It was only right that he be compensated for all the treasures he had brought back home.

Not to mention, this venture would benefit all Martial Artists in the Kandrian Empire.

Of course, there were redundancies. The value proposition of such a venture was questionable at best, considering that other Martial Artists could access the Panamic Martial Federation.

Furthermore, although his father did not say it aloud, he knew that his father intended to redirect most material resources into esoteric weapons technology. It was an elementary inference considering that half of the strength of the Royal Army was in its esoteric weapons technology.

Diverting all those funds to the development of Martial resources would come at the cost of the development of military esoteric technology and to the benefit of Martial Art.

In other words, Emperor Rael would be disrupting the balance of power within the Kandrian Empire if he actually agreed to such an arrangement.

"Tsk, affected by politics even when I leave it."

In addition, he couldn't help but think back to the insights that he had gotten from his conversation with Master Gern.

The existence of a powerhouse nation comprised entirely of esoteric military power was a very troubling omen for Martial Artists. The fact that esoteric military technology received a greater influx of capital and resources was also worrying. Rui had no doubt that his father had had a similar mindset until he learned of Rui's ability to mass-produce Martial Apprentices.

"Speaking of my conversation with Master Gern…" Rui's eyes narrowed. He hadn't forgotten one of the revelations that he had received from the man. Although its significance and shock factor were hardly important before, even more shocking things had occurred since then. He had not forgotten what Master Gern had told him about his father.

He intended to ask his father about this matter when he got home.

STEP

"Ahhh…" Rui smiled as he arrived at the fort walls that ran along the border of the Kandrian Empire. A Martial Master donning the uniform of the Kandrian Border Patrol Force appeared before him, bowing lightly.

"Welcome back to the Kandrian Empire, Your Highness."

"It's good to be home, considering everything that has happened." Rui nodded. "Has Sage Kole Kellin arrived at the Kandrian Empire yet?"

"No, Your Highness, but we've gotten word that she will be arriving soon enough."

"Hmm…" Rui considered that, turning back to the Kandrian Empire. "In that case, perhaps I ought to speak to my father before she arrives."

He immediately surged through the air, heading straight into the sky as he soared through the Empire and towards the Royal Throne Hall.

CLACK n/ô/vel/b//jn dot c//om

The doors to the throne hall opened, giving Rui a full view of everything within its depths. Including his father perched atop the Royal Throne, wearing his Royal Crown with his Royal Sword by his side.

It painted a powerful visage.

"Must you posture so much when nobody else aside from Sage Sayfeel is in the throne hall, father?" Rui raised an eyebrow.

"You're here, are you not?" Emperor Rael replied as a wry smile cracked at the edge of his mouth. "Besides, considering that my latest recruit is going to be coming to the Kandrian Empire very soon, it is worth going all out. First impressions matter. Managing perception is an extremely important duty of any ruler. Particularly the ruler of the Kandrian Empire."

"…" Rui stared at him with dubious eyes.

"Welcome back home, my son." Emperor Rael smiled. "You have completed the mission I entrusted to you and, for that, I am grateful. Kandria will not forget your contributions to its future."

Rui shrugged. "It actually wasn't that hard. The hard part was… other stuff."

Emperor Rael stared at his son with eyes of scrutiny. He could detect subtle changes in his demeanor and body language, ones that indicated a slight shift in mentality. There was no doubt in Emperor Rael's mind that they were a result of the fiasco of an evaluation that cost Rui his connection to the Panamic Martial Federation. He was right in that the mission was not hard in and of itself.

Emperor Rael had quickly figured out his clever plan of breaking the law to get Sage Kole Kellin. It was a good plan that guaranteed a hearing with her.

However, there was no need to go as far as using a forbidden technique to kill the evaluator. At the time, he had been at a complete loss as to what his son was doing.

It was deeply irrational.

Clearly, Rui was aware of that.

Or perhaps he had just been made aware of that.

He appeared shaken by the revelation, growing more self-conscious as a result of the self-awareness.

"How do you feel?" Emperor Rael asked quietly.

Rui's gaze shifted. "…Did you know? That this would happen?"

-



Chapter 2194  Confirming Truth



The question was abrupt.

"No." Emperor Rael sighed. "Your grandmother insisted it was for the better. Perhaps she was right. Perhaps not. Only time will tell."

Rui stirred at those words.

"So grandmother Nephi knew…" Rui muttered. "She knew that I would go berserk and get myself into a lot of trouble."

He would need to speak to her later.

"Yet, not even she knew why what happened, happened." Emperor Rael gazed at Rui with an intrigued look. "She just inferred that it was necessary to allow you to make your choices rather than get rid of the freedom to choose in fear of its consequences. Not even she knows what drove you to do what you did."

"…I didn't do much," Rui quietly replied. "Just put to bed some demons of the past, that's all. In the process, I learned that I wasn't as grounded in my rationality as I liked to believe."

He glanced at his hands. "It objectively was a blunder of a decision by all metrics of cost-benefit analyses. However, I did it nonetheless. I didn't even hesitate."

Rui heaved a sigh with a displeased expression.

"People are irrational," Emperor Rael remarked. "You are no different. Neither am I or anybody else. Even your sister Rafia is no different, as much as she seems that way on the surface."

Rui snorted at the recollection of the Corporate Princess that he had eliminated from competition during the Kandrian Throne War. He had no idea what she or any of them had been up to since then, and he couldn't be bothered.

"It is good to know that you have been made aware of your capacity for irrationality," Emperor Rael cajoled him. "Only a fool comes to believe in the strength of their rationality. Such people often suffer the most for underestimating their ability to defy rationality. The more you are aware of it, the more you can avoid falling prey to it. The more you can make use of it."

Rui stirred. "Make use of it…? I don't know about that. Rationality is pretty important to me."

Rationality was simply a measure of how logical one's thoughts and actions were. In other words, some measure of rationality was needed to be able to use systems of thought effectively. The more irrational one was, the lower one's affinity for the Master Realm was.

That was why this recent revelation had shaken Rui a bit.

He hadn't known that he was this capable of knowing an action was entirely illogical and doing it without any hesitation nonetheless. Although he had known that he was irrational in his pursuit of Project Water, he hadn't been aware that it extended to matters beyond that.

He hadn't known that he was this capable of knowing an action was entirely illogical and doing it without any hesitation nonetheless. Although he had known that he was irrational in his pursuit of Project Water, he hadn't been aware that it extended to matters beyond that.

That was scary. He couldn't trust himself as much as he used to.

It also applied to his Martial Mind and systems of thought. If such a degree of irrationality appeared in battle when he was using his systems of thought, then it could impede their execution, making him weaker.

Of course, he wasn't unstable. He wouldn't randomly grow irrational out of nowhere without any particular reason.

"Irrationality is not a liability," the Emperor of Harmony explained calmly. "If anything, you're already aware of your lack of prowess in that regard. After all, your instinct and awareness are atrophied in comparison to your experience."

Rui stirred at his father's words. "I didn't make that connection. Hmm…"

"Most people depend on 'vibes.' They rely on their intuition and instinct," Emperor Rael continued. "They do not engage in chains of deductive and inductive logic to infer truth. For most people, the former is easier and something they grow increasingly well-accustomed to over time. But you…"

Emperor Rael smiled. "Things are the exact opposite."

"In other words, I have yet to make use of my irrationality." Rui raised an eyebrow with a dubious expression. "Outside of intuition and instinct, I find it hard to believe."

"Now that's irrational." Emperor Rael chuckled. "Tell me, why do you think we, as a species, are irrational? Why did we come to evolve to be this way? Why does any creature come to be this particular way instead of another way?"

"…Because it helps us survive and reproduce," Rui answered knowingly.

"Does it not follow that irrationality helps us survive?" Emperor Rael smiled. "Survival is important to Martial Artists, if I'm not wrong. Thus, irrationality is an asset to Martial Artists, as long as you are able to harness it."

Rui considered his logic as he fell into thought.

It was sound.

Different systems comprised what broadly was recognized as human irrationality. Emotions, in that regard, were incentive and disincentive systems that existed to discourage one from some actions while encouraging other actions. Pain and fear served as the stick while joy and pleasure served as the carrot.

"I don't see how most of this is going to help me in a battle, though. Or help me adaptively evolve," Rui muttered. "But I suppose the point of instinct and intuition stand. Although I literally have a technique called Primordial Instinct, it has failed more recently. Due to a lack of experience, I'm told. But I have already taken steps to rectify that. I have fought most of the Martial Masters in the Kandrian Empire. What I need is a war so that I can fight other powerful Martial Masters."

He directed a pointed look at his father.

"I'll see what I can do." Emperor Rael chuckled. "Now then—"

"Wait," Rui stopped him. "I have something important to talk about."

His father simply waited for him to continue. Nôv(el)B\\jnn

"Tell me." Rui stared at him. "Did you once seek to genocide Martial Artists?"

His father seemed remarkably unperturbed by that question.

"Yes."

Rui narrowed his eyes, staring at his father with a piercing gaze.

He figured that the Panamic Martial Federation probably hadn't been lying when they chose to reveal that to him. It would be so easy to verify such a shallow falsity that it wasn't even worth engaging in such a crude measure of propaganda.

-



Chapter 2195: Contextualized Past

﻿

The air grew frosty as Rui's piercing gaze met Emperor Rael's calm eyes.

"Does the Martial Union know?"

The question evoked laughter from him. "Of course they do."

Rui frowned. "So this isn't really a big deal, huh?"

"The context matters," Emperor Rael explained with a composed tone. "It would be a very big deal if I harbored such an ambition today. But not so much three centuries ago when I was merely a prince preparing for the Kandrian Throne War. It was simply a different era back then. My goals were hardly rare or uncommon. That was how much Martial Artists were hated at one point in time."

Rui sharpened his gaze.

"Did you hate Martial Artists?"

"My desire to wipe out Martial Artists was a calculated decision rather than an emotional one," he calmly replied. "In hindsight, of course, it turned out to be the wrong decision. But that was due to luck, more than anything else. My rationale was firm."

Rui frowned. "Explain. Why did you feel the need to genocide Martial Artists?"

"...It's a bit of a long story, but really, it boils down to the nightmare that was the Reign of the Master Realm," Emperor Rael explained. "You should be aware of it since the Panamic Martial Federation has undoubtedly informed you about it. But, I can assure you that it was much worse than their sanitized version of it. A vast proportion of Martial Masters were downright evil. Another proportion were degenerates at best. There was plenty of evidence that Martial Art was a liability to human civilization."

"Martial Art as a whole?" Rui raised an eyebrow. "Not just Martial Masters?"

"At the time, Martial Masters were the peak of Martial Art. The Sage Realm hadn't been discovered yet. So yes, Martial Art as a whole was proving to be a liability and even an evil if Martial Masters became psychopaths due to the mental shift caused by being able to sense other people's minds. They necessarily experienced a desensitization to human emotion and came to view human beings the way that humans viewed livestock."

His gaze grew stronger. "In other words, Martial Art necessarily was evil due to the fact that most of its net power, Martial Masters, was inevitably corrupted with evil. And so..."

Rui stared at him with a disturbed expression.

Emperor Rael shrugged. "...I saw fit to get rid of it. I began researching ways to kill Martial Artists outside of combat, to protect humanity from their impending or existing evil."

"...What changed?"

"Nothing changed for a long time," Emperor Rael continued. "It was just impossible to genocide Martial Artists. Thus, out of pragmatism, I abandoned the project and focused on harmony instead. I approached the few dozen Martial Masters who were on the brink of waging a civil war against my power-hungry fool of a father and informed them of my intentions to assassinate him, massacre all my siblings to win the throne war, and create an empire where forces that once stood in opposition could exist in harmony."

He paused for a moment, nostalgically recollecting the past. "And, well, the rest is history." His attention shifted back to his son. "We went on to become a powerhouse by avoiding the horrific ruination that struck the other powerhouses, allowing us to catch up with them. I helped the then Martial Masters to create the Martial Union, and everything worked out well for the next three centuries. They knew that I had once intended to massacre all of them all along."

"...I'm surprised that you managed to befriend them." Rui shook his head.

"Like I said, the context of the era matters. Back then, it was hardly unusual, so I was able to win over their cooperation with results and goodwill. Since then, three centuries have passed. It's ancient history that doesn't even matter anymore," Emperor Rael explained with a relaxed tone. "Of course, that doesn't stop the Panamic Martial Federation from using it as propaganda. Haha."

"Do you regret wanting to genocide Martial Artists, then?" Rui raised an eyebrow.

"Of course not." His father snorted. "Had I been able to do it, I would have done it without hesitation. We were extremely lucky that the first Martial Sage was a good-hearted and kind man. If not for that, the Reign of the Master Realm would have never ended and would have evolved into an even more horrible version in the Sage Realm. It would have been a living hell. He cleaned up the madmen Masters with his overwhelming power and, with the help of all those who aided him, created the Panamic Martial Federation that would regulate Martial Artists to ensure that Martial Art never stooped to such lows ever again."

Rui grew interested as he recalled this part from his conversations with Master Gern and his grandmother. "The family and community policy."

"That's correct." His father nodded. "Those are not absolutely perfect, but they stave off the worst. How can a Martial Artist come to regard humans as livestock when his or her family and, particularly, when his or her progeny are human? The bond between parent and child offsets the psychopathy wrought by the Martial Mind. It is why the Martial Community is so vibrant and extensive. I would urge you to start your own family if you didn't have the Quarrier Orphanage."

Rui stirred at those words as he fell into thought in regard to the tale behind his father's far past. The truth compared to how Master Gern had framed him as a bad man hostile to Martial Art in an attempt to coax Rui to disclose the truth of the mass Apprentice breakthrough was so different that Rui wanted to go back to the Panamic Martial Federation and beat up the crafty old Master.

But alas, he was exiled.

"I've just received word that Sage Kole Kellin has finally arrived at the border," his father interjected. "We will have to continue this conversation another time."

"Oh, I wanted to speak to her too." Rui's eyes lit up. "I didn't get a chance to talk to her after the hearing ended."



Chapter 2196  Oath



Sage Kole Kellin found herself before the Emperor of Harmony. He gazed down at her from atop his throne with powerful eyes that judged her.

His body language had already changed.

Gone was the friendly father humoring his son.

In his place was the domineering and heavy presence of the Emperor of Harmony.

He didn't address her upon her arrival.

No.

He simply waited.

Sage Kole bowed her head lightly.

"Sage Kole Kellin, once the Master of the Inferno Fist, offers her respect to the Emperor of Harmony."

Emperor Rael regarded her with steely acknowledgment. "Welcome to the Kandrian Empire, Sage Kole. My son tells me that you have accepted my offer. Is that true?"

She nodded. "I have accepted your offer, Your Majesty. If you are able to heal my condition, then I will forever swear absolute loyalty to the Kandrian Throne. I swear to fight when and where you order me to. I swear to adhere to your will as Emperor of the Kandrian Empire. I swear to fight to protect my new home from all external threats. I swear to destroy all those who seek to destroy the empire. I swear on my Martial Art."

Her voice rang with earnest sincerity as she met his gaze with clear eyes devoid of any deceit.

Emperor Rael gazed at her for a moment before coming to a decision.

"I accept your oath, Sage Kole," he continued. "I promise to heal you as my son offered on my behalf. Rest assured, what the rest of the world couldn't do, the Kandrian Empire can and will." n/ô/vel/b//jn dot c//om

"…I look forward to that, Your Majesty." Sage Kole heaved a sigh of relief. "I am grateful to you for overlooking my judgment upon your son."

Rui smiled wryly as Emperor Rael shook his head.

"You're mistaken." Emperor Rael's tone was firm. "It is because of your judgment that I am convinced that you are worthy of the boon I offered to bestow upon you. You are exactly what the Kandrian Empire needs, Sage Kole. When the time comes, you will do everything that you swore to do and more. The Kandrian Empire will require your power very soon."

Her eyes glinted knowingly. "…You must mean war, Your Majesty. I was only alerted about the war brewing after the flood of bribes I received when I was assigned as the judge for your son's case."

"A war that far exceeds any that you have ever fought in, Master of the Inferno Fist," Emperor Rael informed her. "We will be facing the other Sage-level powerhouses of East Panama together. Only by overcoming their power will the Kandrian Empire be able to emerge victorious."

Sage Kole grew surprised. "…We will have to fight and emerge victorious against three other Sage-level powerhouses? Is that even possible?"

"It is." Emperor Rael's rich voice conveyed certainty. "I expect you to perform. Failure will not be tolerated. You must return to your peak within a matter of months."

Her eyes widened. "Your Majesty, three months is far from enough for a Martial Sage like myself to return to my former peak, especially in my current state. Even putting aside the matter of curing my condition, the recovery process will take years at least. I haven't activated my Martial Heart so much in twelve years. I haven't even walked in more than a decade. I swear to execute your will to the best of my ability. However, I fear that recovering to my peak in a mere three months is beyond the realm of possibility."

Even if she had been a normal human, making a full recovery from her condition wouldn't have been possible. Given that she was a Martial Sage, returning to her former peak was even more impossible in the timeframe that Emperor Rael demanded.

"Don't worry about that, Your Sagehood," Rui reassured her with an expression of smug amusement. "We have you covered. Everything you said is entirely accurate. However, my father isn't asking you for the impossible. You see, in Kandria, doing years' worth of labor in months is very much possible."

She stared at him like he was asserting that the moon was made out of cheese.

"I'm afraid I don't understand."

"You will," Emperor Rael threw a disapproving glance at Rui, "when the time is right." She stared at the father and son with a hint of skepticism.

"More importantly, we need to commence your recovery immediately," Emperor Rael declared. "We don't have time to waste."

Her eyes lit up with hope. "You mean the Divine Doctor, Your Majesty? Is it true that you have procured the services of the greatest healer in all of human history? The man who cured death?"

Rui needed to exert active effort to avoid snorting with contempt.

Yet, he didn't want to dispel the misinformation if it meant giving her doubt that the Divine Doctor could actually heal her condition.

"Yes." Emperor Rael's powerful voice was rich with confidence, cleaving through the fears that plagued her heart now that she was so close to her greatest dream. "I was afflicted with an even deeper condition than yours, as you undoubtedly are aware. It was thanks to that man's extraordinary prowess that I was able to return to my former prime. He can cure your condition, rest assured. I have already arranged a medical session with him. You may head there right away."

Emperor Rael waved his hand.

STEP STEP

Two Martial Masters bearing the insignia of the Royal Insignia on their garbs appeared.

"Escort our important guest to the Divine Doctor," he commanded.

"Understood, Your Majesty."

"I will not forget this, Your Majesty," Sage Kole promised with a tone of deep gratitude. "I will remember this boon for the rest of my life."

She was promptly escorted out of the Kandrian Throne Hall soon after.

"…what do you think, Sayfeel?" Emperor Rael asked lightly.

"She was entirely sincere, Your Majesty," Sage Sayfeel confirmed. "She will be fiercely loyal to the throne, but especially you when she is healed."

-



Chapter 2197  Other Cases



"Mmm, good." Emperor Rael heaved a sigh of relief. "One more Sage-level asset to protect the Kandrian Empire. We can never have too many. Especially considering the magnitude of the tribulations that await Kandria."

Rui turned to his father with an intrigued expression. "How has the Sage recruitment program been going, Father?" n/ô/vel/b//jn dot c//om

"It's been going remarkably well thus far." Emperor Rael smiled. "We have gotten five ill, crippled, or damaged Martial Sages on board. We still have three more cases in progress. If we can get all three of them, then we'll be set."

An excited smile cracked at the edge of Rui's mouth. "Five Martial Sages? That's crazy. That's a historic growth in the number of Martial Sages for any nation within such a short number of years."

The sheer significance of gaining five more Martial Sages did not go unnoticed by Rui. He understood more than anybody else just how incredible a feat it was. There probably was no better way to use the Divine Doctor, now that Rui thought about it. Not even researching the alien species would yield as much as simply using him to heal crippled or ill Martial Sages to win them over. It was the lowest-hanging fruit that yielded the most benefits.

"That's true, but…" Emperor Rael's eyes narrowed. "It's not going to be enough, I'm afraid."

Rui nodded. "You did say it was one of the many plans you had planned for."

"That's true. However, I did hope that we could find more Martial Sages who were afflicted with more medical conditions that impeded their Martial Art." Emperor Rael heaved a sigh. "Unfortunately, these were the only ones that still retained a desperation to regain the power of their prime."

"Honestly, I'm surprised that you've found eight such Sages considering how few Martial Sages there even are." Rui raised an eyebrow. "Is it because health declines with age and Martial Sages are particularly old on average?"

His father nodded at his words. "Age comes for everybody. There aren't enough longevity potions in the world to ensure the continuous vitality of Martial Sages. They are already old enough, which means they are more prone to failures in health. That's why this tactic has so much scope."

Rui nodded knowingly. Being strong did not mean one was immune to lapses in health.

"On top of that, taxing their bodies in intense combat at extremely high Realms eventually takes its toll on them," Emperor Rael explained. "Healing potions also have limits, beyond a certain amount of stress and age."

Rui nodded. "Maybe I should take another high-grade longevity potion."

Emperor Rael smiled wryly. "I'm sure those crippled or ill Martial Sages wish they had the opportunity to do so at your age."

"Speaking of which, can you tell me who they are? I'm curious what the new Martial Sages who have joined the Kandrian Empire are like."

"Hm, thus far, we have secured the cooperation of Sage Laozhu, the East Wind; Sage Meilia, the Dancing Darling; Sage Lamperel, Mernolin the Meteor; Sage Devin, the Molten Mammoth; and, of course, Sage Kole Kellin, the Master of the Inferno Fist."

Rui recognized those names.

Many of them were elder Martial Sages from the dawn of the Sage Realm and had left their mark on history a long time ago. Many of them had disappeared many years ago, yet it appeared that that hadn't deterred his father from tracking each of them down meticulously and sending his envoys or the Martial Union.

"Finding them wasn't too challenging," Emperor Rael told Rui. "With the combination of the Beggar's Sect, the Elder Tree, and your grandmother in the worst-case scenarios. There is nobody that can evade my pursuit. Almost half of them were cooped up somewhere in Beast Domain, strangely enough."

"Hah, treasures in the Beast Domain indeed." Rui smirked. "If we can get the remaining three, then the Kandrian Empire will have twenty-four Martial Sages."

They would be the first organization in the world to have so many Martial Sages on retainer.

Of course, it still wouldn't be enough against the nearly fifty Martial Sages that the Britannian Empire, Sekigahara Confederate, and the Republic of Gorteau had between them. However, it wasn't necessary to be equal to their enemies.

"We just need to be powerful enough to deter them," Emperor Rael mused knowingly. "We are close to reaching that stage. However, it won't happen before the war commences. We will need to slug it out until it becomes absolutely clear that there is no victory to be won against the Kandrian Empire. Only then will we be able to live in peace without needing to make sacrifices that we would need to make otherwise."

He turned his gaze to Rui. "There are only a few months left until war begins. Nearly all the conditions I set for a high probability of victory have been fulfilled. Prepare yourself for war. When it begins, you will have no chance to catch your breath. One way or another, the three Sage-level powerhouses will soon learn of the existence of the Divine Doctor, the manifold, and the Elder Tree connection."

His eyes narrowed. "When they do, their fury will wash over East Panama, embroiling the entirety of it into war. What we are experiencing is merely the calm before the storm."

Rui grew serious at his father's warnings, nodding solemnly.

"I'll be ready when it comes."

He soon took his leave.

His father heaved a sigh as he relaxed, taking a moment of reprieve as he thought about everything that had happened in the past three-and-a-half years. Much had happened, yet it felt as though all that time had gone by in the blink of an eye.

Yet, slowly but surely, his grand plan was unfolding. So far, he hadn't experienced any major failings.

Yet, that only made him a little nervous.

No plan could ever be perfectly executed—one would need to be omniscient for such a thing to happen in practice. It was always the most unexpected thing that went wrong in truly unforeseen manners.

-



Chapter 2198: Reawakened Power

﻿

Sage Kole Kellin knew on a logical level that it was highly unlikely that the Emperor of Harmony and the Dawnbringer were lying. However, it hadn't registered on an emotional level that she was going to be healed.

It was just hard to believe.

After more than a decade in her condition, she could scarcely believe that she was going to be unshackled from it and regain her power of the past. She just wasn't able to envision a future where such a thing would genuinely happen.

"Ah, the Shivering Disease." The Divine Doctor tutted with a bored tone.

His clinical eyes were devoid of any intrigue. "Such a trivial case. Is this truly insurmountable to the medical community?"

Sage Kole Kellin frowned. "No, but it requires resources that are astronomically rare. The Panamic Martial Federation did not have them."

The Divine Doctor lightly snorted with disdain as he began issuing several instructions to the medical team assigned to aid him in the procedure.

"So... you can heal me, doctor?"

"Too easily, in fact." His clinical tone was devoid of warmth. "If those two are going to have me practice medicine, I wish they would send me more challenging cases. Instead, they sent me this."

He peered at her with derision.

It took her a moment to realize that he wasn't even looking at her but at her condition.

She furrowed her eyebrows as she studied the doctor.

She expected the Divine Doctor to be a kind man as the greatest doctor to have ever lived, yet his eyes were cold and regarded her as no more than a defective lump of meat.

STEP

Her attention shifted as she felt the arrival of the familiar and powerful aura of a Martial Sage.

The bald man regarded her with respect as he stroked his salt-pepper beard. "It's been a while, Sage Kole."

"Sage Glacken." She nodded at him. "It has indeed been a long time. Are you perhaps here to ensure that my power doesn't go out of control?"

The leader of the Earth Sect simply nodded curtly. "No harm can be allowed to come to the Divine Doctor, even if he is immortal. Not to mention the untold devastation you might be spreading. I will suppress and harmlessly disperse your energy into the depths of Mother Gaia should the need ever arise. I hope you understand."

"I take no issue with the arrangement," she lightly replied. "I would be deeply upset if my inability to control my power impeded my recovery."

"Alright," the Divine Doctor interjected. "Let's begin."

CLASP

She was quickly strapped to a medical bed while a gas mask was put on her face. The Divine Doctor garbed himself in surgical attire in the meantime.

"Good night," he wished her as her consciousness drifted away upon the entry of a potent anesthetic.

What followed took hours, yet for her it was merely a second.

One moment, she closed her eyes.

The very next, she opened them.

Yet, she could sense the changes in her body the moment she opened them.

Tears welled up in her eyes as her body was stationary for the first time in a long time.

Words couldn't begin to describe how she felt.

The sheer amount of elation that she experienced was more than she had experienced in the past decade combined.

She gazed at her perfectly still hands that didn't twitch involuntarily.

She closed her eyes as she balled them into fists, activating a breathing technique.

WHOOSH!

Her fists ignited with fire as she activated her inĀĻferno technique.

A fiery red flame enveloped her fists, quickly stabilizing under her control.

It was the most basic technique of her Martial Art.

Yet, she stared at it like it was the first time she had seen it in her entire life.

STEP

She stood steadily upright for the first time in a decade.

Her leg muscles had been atrophied after a long time of disuse. However, given that she had a Martial Body, she still had far more power than any normal human despite her condition.

She took a deep breath, steeling her gaze.

BADUMP!

Her Martial Heart was reawakened from its long slumber, coming back to life as it spread its power across all cells, invigorating and empowering them. She indulged herself in the feeling of the ocean of power that was hidden within her. She couldn't help but feel immensely euphoric over the return of her power.

Soon enough, she dug up the remaining parts of her power as her Martial Mind and Soul were unsealed after more than a decade.

The aura of a full-fledged Martial Sage spread across the facility she was in as her flames evolved from red to purple to white. Ungodly power surged from within her, spreading across

her depths.

"It's been so long..." she whispered.

Her gaze shifted as she felt the presence of Sage Glacken entering the facility that held her. "Congratulations on your recovery, Sage Kole," he wished her. "The Divine Doctor has informed me that the procedure has been a complete success and you have regained your power without any drawbacks."

"I am grateful to the Divine Doctor and will forever be indebted to him." Her voice radiated power. "Now, however, what I need is time. Time to return my body, my rusty instinct, and my combat sense back to their former peaks. However, I don't know how I am to do this within the span of three months. The Void Prince mentioned something strange in that regard but..."

Sage Glacken smiled. "Come, let me guide you to your training place. One where you can train to your heart's content without worrying about making it in time. There is a reason that the Kandrian Empire is confident of facing the three Sage-level powerhouses in war. We have treasures, you see. Treasures that make the impossible possible. Treasures that will elevate this nation to a level of power untouched before."

She cautiously followed him with uncertainty, entirely unprepared for the revelations that awaited her.



Chapter 2199: Tough Rehabilitation

﻿

Once the Divine Doctor healed and restored the Martial Sages of the Kandrian Empire, they immediately began rehabilitation training. It was only after the truth of the training manifold was explained to them that they understood how they could return to their prime within the timeframe that the Emperor of Harmony required them to.

They immediately began using the power of the manifold greedily, not wasting so much as a second. They would need to spend the next few years in the manifold so that they could make it in time for the impending war that was to hit the Kandrian Empire within months in the real world.

"So this is the power of Sage-level powerhouse..." Sage Laozhu, the East Wind, remarked, huffing lightly as his hand combed through his long hair. "It far surpasses my native nation." "No," Sage Kole shook her head lightly. "This isn't the power of just about any Sage-level powerhouse. I'm certain that this power is unique to the Kandrian Empire. We have been blessed with the opportunity to serve a powerful nation and a powerful emperor."

Not all of her new and fellow healed colleagues shared her sentiment.

Sage Lameperel Mernolen, the Meteor, sneered at her with derision. "Serve? You think I joined the Kandrian Empire after coming out of retirement just to serve once more?" His eyes narrowed. "Hell no. I'm with the Martial Union. I'm not serving nobody." Sage Devin, the Molten Mammoth, nodded silently, never once uttering a word. "Ah..." Sage Meilia, the Dancing Darling, heaved a melodramatic sigh. "I would normally agree, but serving the Emperor of Harmony..."

She dreamily giggled to herself while the other four simply stared at her with a dubious expression. One could almost see the flowers blooming around her as she blushed at the thought of serving her chosen liege.

"You're pathetic," Sage Ourlen, the Sword Demon, spat with contempt. "You're Martial Sage. It's pathetic of you to lust after a mere human."

Sage Meilia glared at him. "You wouldn't even be here if not for that 'mere human,' you ugly hideous beast."

"Stop messing around," Sage Laila, the Adamant, firmly interjected. "Emperor Rael didn't heal us so that we can gossip around. We have work to do. We need to return to our prime as soon as possible. I don't know about all of you, but I, for one, cannot stand my current state of weakness any longer."

That was one thing that all seven of them could agree upon. Now that all hurdles on the path to their former power had been removed, there was nothing stopping them back from returning to their former power.

Thus, they were unable to tolerate their current state of power for too much longer, especially when they were still inferior to their seniors in the government and the Martial Union. So much so that the Martial Sages native to the Kandrian Empire regarded them as juniors who needed their training.

It was frustrating, but they had no choice.

They needed to reach their peak as soon as possible, and that was best done with a powerful Martial Sage who could push them to their limit.

However, they weren't prepared for what was coming their way.

STEP

The arrival of the eighth Sage-level aura sent shivers down their spine.

It sent chills crawling across their skin, evoking fear that predators evoked in their prey.

"So these are the maggots that Rael was telling me about," Sage Damian's voice crackled with giddy excitement. "All I see is a bunch of weak shits."

He sneered as a contemptuous gaze swept across all of them.

None of them were pleased by how much he looked down at them.

"That's Emperor Rael to you," Sage Meilia glared at him. "Supreme Emperor of Harmony is an acceptable title as well."

"You bastard..." Sage Lamperel bristled as his expression crumpled with rage. "You think you can just walk in here and talk shit without any consequences? Who the fuck do you think you are?"

"It seems that the Martial Sages of the Kandrian Empire are just a little too arrogant," Sage Laozhu calmly remarked. "We shall have to see whether it holds up when I return to my peak."

"Hah, talking all that shit," Sage Ourlen glared at him as his hand went to his sword. "You think you're so tough? I'll have you know that I earned the title of Sword Demon through my sheer skill with the blade. I was once regarded as the most skilled swordsman. I once earned the praise of Her Transcendence Transcendent Daena. I once bested-"

"You yap too much." Sage Damian's malicious grin grew wider.

What happened next exceeded his ability to fathom.

BOOM

A powerful blow crashed into the solar plexus before he could even parse what happened. "Argh...!" He collapsed like a cut puppet, choking as he cradled his gut.

The others leaped away from the Devil with shocked expressions as their expressions grew more grave.

None of them had realized what had happened until after Sage Ourlen collapsed.

"Hah," he scoffed with contempt. "You sorry, excuses from Martial Sages. Are they going to help us win the war? My son could do a better job with that!"

They stiffened at the blatant disrespect that he showed them.

Yet, none of them pushed back.

The sheer amount of peril that radiated made them sick.

It prickled at their skin.

"You fucking bastard..." Sage Ourlen tried getting up as he glared with rage.

CLASP

Sage Damian grinned as he grabbed him by the neck, choking him as he held him high up.

"Listen up, you rotten, rusty relics of the past," Sage Damian grinned. "Rael sent me here to ensure you worthless shits are actually worth shit by the time war arrives."

His grin grew wider.

"For the next three years..." His voice grew more malevolent. "...I will show you that Hell is real."

His eyes flickered with thinly veiled bloodlust.

"When I'm done with you maggots, you will regret ever accepting Rael's offer."



