Chapter 2280: Lacking Challenge

﻿

The vestiges of what once was unfolded in the depths of Rui's mind as he saw the past itself. As a Senior, using the complete and original Angel Of Laplace was extremely time-consuming and strenuous to his mind. As a Master, however, the technique was almost effortless. He had the brainpower to use all his systems of thought simultaneously without breaking a sweat.

Had the assassin known about the Angel of Laplace, he most likely never would have even considered attempting an assassination.

But, alas, he didn't.

"Ah..." He found the path of retreat that the man had taken in his mind, opening his eyes.

"There you are."

WHOOSH!

He surged down at lightning-fast speeds, arriving at just another inconspicuous storage warehouse as he blasted through the infrastructure.

BOOM!

Several hooded figures leaped away in shock as a smile appeared on Rui's face.

"Heh, found you..." Rui's eyes fixed on the man who'd sought to assassinate him before sweeping his gaze to the others. "I see you have friends. That's good. Everybody should have friends. Martial Artists have inherited the social nature of humans, after all. It's good for your mental health and..."

A hint of peril flickered in the depths of his dark eyes. "...it's good experience for me too."

The assassin gritted his teeth with a grim expression. "Kill him!"

Yet, they froze as an endless avalanche of darkness swept over them.

An infinite void.

Along with it came a flood of information that paralyzed their minds. A Martial Embodiment forced the processing of information against one's will because it targeted one's subconscious mind, which was not under the conscious control of the conscious mind. They were not able to do anything to avoid being flooded with the information of Rui's Martial Mind, nothing that he couldn't resist.

And many of them weren't able to handle it either.

Rui frowned. "Really? You guys are this weak, and you've dared to try and kill me? Is it just courage? No, assassins are often cowardly by nature and doctrine. Then, is it arrogance? Did you really think you could kill me just because you caught me off-guard?"

Those who were able to move were almost frozen from the shock they experienced from the sheer weight of his Martial Mind.

This was not an uncommon reaction.

Most Masters were thoroughly bewildered when they felt Rui's Martial Mind in all its glory. It was absurdly powerful, far beyond anything that they had ever experienced.

"K-Kill him!" Those who were able to move quickly converged on Rui together, going all-out from the very start.

While they were not fast enough to overcome the predictive model created by the Angel of Laplace, and touching them was not advisable, Rui could not afford to dodge their attacks.

While it was true that Martial Masters didn't produce collateral damage with the activation of their techniques unless intended to, it was also true that if the environment ended up becoming the target inadvertently due to Rui's evasion, it could destroy the entirety of the massive town of Narfinius.

POW POW POW!!

He weathered their attacks with Flux Earther, harmlessly funneling the power of their attacks deep into Gaia. Had he been facing an equal, this would have served as a damning impediment that would have gotten him killed.

But, alas, assassins were not optimized for frontal combat.

"Temporal Disharmony. Neo Godspeed."

Time sped up in their eyes.

What followed exceeded their cognition.

POW! BAM!

An extraordinarily swift kick to the jaw cleanly knocked one of them out while the other received a blinding fast chop on the neck.

THUD THUD

They fell unconscious.

"Tsk," Rui tutted with visible displeasure. "That wasn't even a warm-up."

He was deeply annoyed that he didn't get a good battle out of this.

He glanced at the other two Masters, frozen stiff against their will. After seeing how much of a monster he was, they realized that they never stood a chance. He could kill them as they pleased at his leisure, and there was nothing they could do about it. Their minds strained under the sheer amount of information that Rui Martial Embodiment flood them with.

Yet, Rui's attention didn't even remain fixed on them.

"Stalkers..." he snorted, glancing behind him.

STEP

Several Martial Masters descended from the sky, among whom was Master Ceeran. Rui recognized all of them and was surprised by the diversity of the organizations to which the Masters belonged.

One was from the Kandrian Investigation Service, while another was a Martial official for the Town of Narfinius, and the rest of them were from the Martial Union.

"You know better than to blame us." Master Ceeran's expression was troubled. "You're a prince and our most important Master. Did you really think His Majesty and the Sage Council would just let you frolic around in your own devices, knowing that there are plenty of

assassins intending to make an attempt on your life?"

Of course not, but Rui still reserved the right to complain.

"Are you trying to employ the dying solution this quickly?" Master Ceeran asked with an

exasperated expression.

Rui smirked mysteriously.

"Well, I assume that I can leave these weaklings in your gentle care?"

"Of course, Your Highness." Another Master replied with an intense tone. "Attempting an assassination on a royal prince is an extremely grave crime. They will be dealt with in accordance with the weight of their crime."

Rui shrugged. "Alright. Then, I'll be on my way then."

Rui left the warehouse as the Kandrian Masters swarmed the debilitated Masters, quickly apprehending them. He was sure that they would be used as an example for other Master-

level assassins.n/ô/vel/b//jn dot c//om

"Hopefully, this incident filters out all the weak ones," Rui huffed. "I would much rather a challenge next time."

Assuming that these assassins had a name in the underworld in East Panama, there was a good chance that assassins of the same level would abstain from undertaking the mission or

be more of a threat if they did.

Rui was hoping that he would face a stronger assassin next time; the truly good assassins were capable of frontal combat in addition to the covert assassins.



Chapter 2281: Reunited Friends

﻿

"Wait, you're telling me it hasn't even been a day since you got up, and you've already been targeted by assassins?" Kane laughed. "That's hilarious, man."

Rui had made his way to the manifold without any further impediments. He quickly found Kane, informing him of his most recent incident with assassins after having reunited with him.

"Well, ten billion gold coins is a lot," Rui replied. "There aren't that many bounties on the black market comparable to that. I'm guessing that they were dragged in by their greed. But they should have known that it wouldn't be as easy as popping my head with a sound bullet."

Rui came to learn that not all Masters were masters of the art of assassination like Master Reina. He had always thought that at the Master Realm, any assassin would surely be more than just stealth and assassination techniques, but apparently not.

"It makes sense, I suppose. Masters are so strong that just their strength alone lends them to being excellent killers. Only the cream of the crop master everything there is to the art of assassination outside of Martial Art as well."

"You might have to deal with them soon," Kane mused. "Hell, for ten billion gold coins, I'm tempted to undertake the assassination myself."

He grinned as Rui turned to him with a deadpan stare.

"So, are you planning to undergo any training at the moment?" Kane asked, curious. "Maybe an anti-assassination that allows you to antithetically dismantle all the assassination attempts?"

"...That actually sounds interesting, but no." Rui shook his head. "I haven't reached the point where I feel the need to train another technique. I'll do so when I happen upon an avenue of adaptive evolution that is worth pursuing or upgrading."

Kane shrugged. "Suit yourself. I suppose it is true that you're way too strong to be easily pushed to the point of feeling the need to train your adaptive evolution."

Rui nodded. "I'm looking for a challenge that I am unable to overcome with my existing Martial Art techniques. I have considered creating something to aid me with war, like with large-scale conflicts, but I figure that I might as well wait until I experience more conflicts of that nature before I try to create a technique for it."

The battle against the Sekigahara Confederate was hardly the norm. It was actually extremely abnormal given the sheer size and scale of the conflict; such types of conflicts were highly atypical for a war.

Once he got a good grasp, he intended to ensure that he created a technique, training system, or system of thought that would allow him to deal with large-scale conflicts with much greater proficiency.

"For now, however, I simply look forward to dealing with the war in earnest."

"Well, I intend to spend more time training and getting my Martial Art in synergy with my Martial Mind," Kane explained. "I don't really have any other goals at the moment. Of course, I intend to participate in the war; I could use some experience as well."

Rui nodded. "Also, have you been told about the breakthrough to the Sage Realm?"

Kane winced. "Yeah, I don't like it, but it is what it is. I'm not really good at philosophy and whatnot."

"It sounds philosophical, but it's more than just philosophy," Rui remarked. "But, yes, I don't like it either."

Kane directed a knowing look at Rui.

He had been there when Rui learned the truth about his reincarnation. He recalled that Rui had speculated that it had something to do with the Sage Realm. And he was right; it was the key to the sage Realm.

"So, what do you plan to do?" Kane asked with a concerned expression. "Feels like in your position, just the ordinary method isn't going to cut it."

"You're probably right..." Rui heaved a sigh. "There is a more effective path than the ordinary method of simply growing stronger and individuality. Dying."

Kane looked at him with an incredulous expression; you're telling me your plan to get to the Sage Realm is dying?"

"Yes," Rui remarked. "Allegedly, the more one approaches death, the more one learns about the depths of one's self. The idea is that by dying, one can accelerate one's path to the Sage Realm."

"That... sounds super risky. But knowing you, you're probably going to take it."

"Well, it appears you just might know me better than myself."

"Hah! It's a shame the rules don't allow Masters to delegate the task."

Rui chuckled. "Well, these are super long-term considerations. For now, I am nowhere near the Sage Realm. I don't intend to train a new technique in the hopes of trying to close the distance either; I just need to fight some more."

"Well, I don't think that the Sekigahara Confederate is going to mount another attack like that after I decimated almost all of their Masters. So, how is the war going to evolve from now?"

"...Allies," Rui informed him. "Both sides are scrambling for allies. Our enemies know that, while they have more Martial power than we do, they do not have enough power to overwhelm us without suffering horrific losses in a pyrrhic victory. The Kandrian Empire is trying to stop them from gaining the allies they seek by reeling them to our side. Thus, I expect we will see many medium skirmishes across all of East Panama."

"I see...So, you plan to fight battles by heading over to the battlefield and fighting for our allies; that sounds fun. I'll join in."

Rui smiled. "The more the merrier. My first stop, though, is Vilun Island. I'm heading there to enlist the support of Master K'Mala of the G'ak'arkan Tribe."

Kane's eyebrows rose as he recalled those names. "Vilun Island, huh? How long has it been? Twenty years?"

"Around that much."

"And she managed to break through to the Master Realm, huh? Good for her. Still, I think I'll sit this one out. I never liked that place. And if it's just a diplomatic venture, I don't really have anything else to do. But make sure to let me in on the next one."n/ô/vel/b//jn dot c//om



Chapter 2282  One More Solution



Once Rui finished up his meeting with Kane, he quickly traveled around to meet up with his other friends and acquaintances. From Master Zentra to Headmaster Aronian in the Martial Academy.

Each of them was deeply busy.

In fact, it would be harder to find someone who wasn't busy in the Master Realm.

The Sages and Masters were the core fighting forces of the Kandrian Empire and bore the entirety of the fate of the Kandrian Empire on their shoulders. n/ô/vel/b//jn dot c//om

"I would love to train more, but unfortunately, I am burdened with dealing with the recent influx of Apprentices at our Academy," Headmaster Aronian informed Rui with a troubled expression. "It is not a light issue, and the Kandrian Empire could potentially lose these new and young Martial Apprentices that you've broken through."

Rui shrugged. "I understand you feel responsibility over them as the Headmaster, but the fact of the matter is that in war, your identity as Master is more important than your duty as headmaster. I would recommend delegating all your duties to another person for the duration of the war. We cannot afford to be rusty at this juncture in the Kandrian Empire's future."

"…I suppose that that is also true." He grimaced lightly. "I have found myself to be more lacking than I had expected. All these years of a sedentary life have buried my instincts and intuition. I did not anticipate a war of this magnitude to occur, but I suppose life has always been unpredictable."

Rui nodded. "Thankfully, you have the manifold. I would recommend you spend a few years in there just to get yourself to a point where you ensure that you won't die and can keep your opponent engaged."

Headmaster Aronian heaved a deep sigh. "Your words are that of the truth. I, too, recognize that. But, I am quite attached to my job as headmaster, you see. I had looked forward to guiding the booming youngest generation of new Apprentices, but I suppose I will have to concede that privilege to another."

He looked genuinely aggrieved at that decision.

"You must really enjoy your position as headmaster." A light remark escaped Rui.

"…Of course I do," Headmaster Aronian replied with a profound tone. "It is a joy to oversee and guide the path of younglings brimming with potential. You were among them once. I had high expectations of you, and you have yet managed to far surpass them and everything I thought was impossible. One of my eventual hopes was to live long enough to see one of my students surpass me as a Martial Artist, and you have helped me realize that dream."

His tone was one of affection, gratitude, and admiration.

"When you put it that way…" Rui stirred at his words. "I suppose that it is a fulfilling pursuit."

It wasn't as though Rui couldn't relate.

He had inherited the memories of a man who was a teaching assistant early in his career. A good student was extremely satisfying to teach.

"Are you interested?" Headmaster Aronian asked with an intrigued expression. "You might have to inevitably undertake it when you set up your sect."

"Ah…" Rui had almost forgotten about his sect. "…You're right. Not to mention, enough time has passed since I passed on the voidlet techniques to the Martial Union. I have heard of many stories of how it has disseminated throughout the Kandrian Empire."

Headmaster Aronian nodded. "You have the capital to create a sect. Adaptive evolution, once an unheard-of field of Martial Art in the Lower Realm, is indeed something that has spread."

Rui nodded. He recalled how the Apprentices and Seniors had been the most to utilize his voidlet techniques. He also recalled how Sage Sayfeel told him that one of the new Masters credited him for her breakthrough.

Perhaps it was time to set up the Water Sect.

In the past, he only set it up in case he ever ran into a major bottleneck in the future and needed a source of inspiration or something fresh that expanded his understanding. Now, however, he saw it as another force that could help him reach the Sage Realm by helping him overcome the same bottlenecks that might keep him from reaching the necessary levels of power.

"…I'll look into it as soon as I'm back from Vilun Island."

He did like the idea of creating his own sect for many reasons. In addition to more selfish reasons, such as his progression to the Sage Realm, he also wouldn't mind focusing on making the original Project Water come true.

Project Water, back on Earth, was a selfless project.

John Falken's goal was to give everybody partaking in combat sports the power of adaptive evolution. It was a project that benefitted everybody but himself; it benefitted everybody who could fight and did fight, something he couldn't do due to his poor health.

Rui was more selfish than John was.

His Project Water was for himself.

"Perhaps I can pay him homage by making his dream come true through the Water Sect."

He would spread adaptive evolution far and wide once he created a formal organization that was dedicated just for the sake of disseminating adaptive evolution. It would only benefit as the speed of growth of fields was directly proportional to the number of people participating in the field. This was true for Martial and non-Martial fields.

Thus, if he wanted to ensure that he was able to gain the maximum amount of benefits from the sect when he truly needed it, he ought to ensure that adaptive evolution was spread far and wide across the entire Panama Continent.

He had added another solution to his problem to the Sage Realm.

Naturally, he still would progress by growing stronger and through individuality, but now he had one solution in the form of dying and another in the form of the Water Sect. Together, they were Rui's charge into Sage Realm in the heights far above.

-



Chapter 2283  Departure



Eventually, he completed all his social calls soon enough, having spoken to everyone he needed and was obligated to. He was glad to see that they were doing well and alive, more importantly.

Once that was done, his attention immediately shifted to the matter regarding Master K'Mala. It wasn't long before he procured an intelligence packet from the Martial Union regarding all the developments that had occurred in the G'ak'arkan Tribe and Vilun Island since his departure from the place many years ago.

The developments had been interesting, to say the least.

"So she either wiped out or assimilated all the tribes on the island after breaking through?" Rui raised an eyebrow. "That's disturbing."

It was nothing short of genocide and ethnic cleansing.

Then again, that was par for the course, he supposed. The tribes on that island had a gruesome warring culture with each other. The concept of human rights and other things was something that they fundamentally did not possess, harboring significantly different views on life and death.

The reports and records of the Martial Union talked about how, soon after breaking through, she slaughtered all enemy Martial Seniors effortlessly. Wiping out all those who could possibly threaten her newfound dominance.

The reports detailed how, even after the enemy tribes of the island surrendered to her, she killed all the men, sparing only the women and the children, who were then assimilated into the G'ak'arkan Tribe. Essentially, she had eliminated war in the Vilun Island by eliminating anybody to war with. "Well, looks like I changed the future of the island forever." Rui heaved a sigh as he read through the reports, struggling to reconcile what he was reading with the woman he had known twenty years ago.

Of course, twenty years was a long time. Who knew what had happened on the island over the course of that period? n/ô/vel/b//jn dot c//om

Still, the K'Mala that he knew was the least aggressive Martial Artist in the G'ak'arkan, she was also the most thoughtful out of all of them. Yet, her actions after she broke through to the Master Realm were a departure from what he remembered of her. "Wait, after she broke through to the Master Realm…?" His eyebrow rose. "Could it be…?"

He had some suspicions as to what had happened.

"…I'll need to speak with her to confirm my suspicions, but there's nothing I can do about it," he mused. "Oh well."

His goal was to enlist her aid in the war against the East Panamic Treaty Alliance. In other words, he didn't need to fix any problems; he could just use them to further his objective. He had already plotted out several pathways through which he could enlist her aid. Considering the good relationship that the Martial Union had with the G'ak'arkan Tribe, it was best to go with a friendly carrot approach where he incentivized them to partake in the war. This was particularly easy as the G'ak'arkan was quite the primitive civilization compared to modern humanity, given that, outside of their Squire evolution breakthrough process, they didn't harness the power of esoteric substances all that much, if at all.

It meant that the Martial Union always had a lot to offer.

This was especially true now that they had the Elder Tree's intel on the Beast Domain. Thus, Rui wasn't really worried about how he was to convince her to partake in the war.

"Besides, she's probably even less experienced with the Master Realm than I am."

After all, she didn't even have anybody to spar with. "Considering the Martial culture of the G'ak'arkan Tribe, she must be yearning for a partner to train with; that alone is probably enough to get her to join the war.

There probably wasn't a single war in the world that served as a better testing avenue than the war between the East Panamic Alliance and the Kandrian Empire. There were several other possible avenues of diplomacy he could undertake, but he didn't need to sweat it.

As far as diplomacy went, this was light work.

Over the next few days, he simply prepared for the short trip to the G'ak'arkan Tribe. Considering that he didn't intend to spend too much time there, his packing was light and to the bare minimum. He simply donned his Martial attire, taking the senior ambassador insignia given to him long ago.

Just as he predicted, he was able to take over the mission entirely without any resistance. Only Martial Sage could impede his path, but it was clear that none of them saw fit to.

He declined all traveling and logistical arrangements; he didn't need a team to help him with this mission.

"Just the two of us?" Master Ceeran raised an eyebrow. He was packed more heavily, anticipating to spend some time there than Rui did in pursuit of good inspiration and source of his new technique.

"Don't see why not," Rui replied nonchalantly. "We can travel much faster if it is just the two of us. Let's go."

"…Alright."

BADUMP!

Their Martial Hearts blazed into power.

WHOOSH!

The two of them shot to the sky as Rui activated Greater Phantomind to cover them with misdirection-derived stealth. He didn't want to let people track him easily, after all. Although he was willing to face assassinations head-on, he was not willing to make it easy for them. Regardless, the two of them shot through the sky unimpeded as they headed East. Rui had long memorized the path to Vilun Island in his Mind Palace. Thus, navigation was no issue at all.

They soared past the port town of Farund, heading into the Great Nam Ocean at top speed. The salty humidity of the ocean and the cool wind blowing from afar prickled their skin while the odor of the ocean wafted in the air.

"Let's pick up the pace," Rui remarked. "I don't want to remain at sea for too long. Let's get to land before our Martial Hearts run out."

The two of them activated their Martial Minds, blazing through the sky as they headed towards Vilun Island.

-



Chapter 2284: Father and Son

﻿

As they shot through the sky at extraordinary speeds, Rui couldn't help but be flooded by memories of old when he came here as a mere Squire. Back then, the only reason that he was selected as an ambassador was because he was most fit to open diplomatic talks.n/ô/vel/b//jn dot c//om

Master Ceeran, no more than a high-grade Senior back then, had already tried and failed at leading talks with the G'ak'arkan Tribe.

That was why Commissioner Derun had deployed Rui for the mission, leading him to successfully set up diplomatic relations with the G'ak'arkan Tribe.

It had been a long and tiring mission that had required plans spanning over months, but ultimately, he had managed to reel over the stubborn G'ak'arkan Tribe to their side.

It had earned him a good number of credits from the Martial Union.

He looked at the time he had spent on Vilun Island quite positively; it had served as an experience that broadened his worldview and was the first time he had meandered so far away from human civilization.

And now, after roughly twenty years, he was finally returning to the island.

The speeds at which they traveled allowed them to cover vast swathes of the ocean in short timeframes, allowing them to reach the island a lot sooner than they otherwise would have. "It's changed..." A murmur escaped Rui as he beheld the island for the first time in two decades.

Topography did not normally change as quickly unless there was a natural calamity or there were Martial Artists.

In the case of Vilun Island, it certainly was the latter.

They had no natural disasters other than Seniors wreaking havoc across the island the few times that they fought.

BADUMP BADUMP!

Before they could ever arrive at the island, however, they were intercepted by two Martial Seniors who emerged from the island, impeding them in their path.

They wore pelts fashioned from the beasts native to the island, while their bronze skin was covered with streaks made from charcoal. Yet, their faces were gaunt while heavy eyebags sat under their eyes. Their demeanor couldn't hide their malaise.

Rui recognized not just the ethnic attire of the G'ak'arkan Tribe but also the two men who stood in his path.

And they did, too.

"You guys..." he spoke in the G'ak'arkan dialect for the first time in a long time. "K'ahru and N'Kulu...!"

They were brother and father to K'Mala. The latter had been the chief of the tribe as once the strongest Senior of the G'ak'arkan Tribe, but once his daughter broke into the Master Realm, he had no choice but to cede the seat of tribe chieftain to her.

The two men shook with shock as they recognized Rui as well, if only by his rare black hair and black eyes.

They also recognized that Rui stood in a Realm of power that far exceeded anything that they had ever fathomed.

"You..." the elderly man began as his expression darkened. "You were of the second rank just twenty years ago. By what miracle did you reach the cursed fourth rank in such a short timeframe?"

Rui narrowed his eyes as he sensed the grave weight in his voice.

The air darkened as their eyes grew severe, judging Rui with piercing stares.

Yet, their demeanor only confirmed his suspicions regarding K'Mala.

"...Cursed fourth rank?" Rui raised an eyebrow.

"Do not play coy with me, young man." The elderly Senior scoffed. "Did you really think that

we would fail to notice the poison that this power is? It is cursed, cursed, I say!"

"Slow down." Rui sharpened his gaze. "What's going on? Why are you guys here?"

The men exchanged a glance, heaving a sigh.

"We sensed powerful auras incoming to the island." Senior K'ahru stated. "We didn't expect

it to be you two. What brings you to this island after two decades?"

"...We came to enlist Master K'Mala's aid for a war that we are part of," Rui calmly explained the truth.

"Just her?" Senior K'ahru frowned. "Not us or the rest of our tribe?"

Rui shook his head. "I'm afraid you're all far too weak to matter."

He didn't mince his words as he told them the truth.

They grimaced but didn't try to refute him.

They already knew that mainland civilization was far stronger than they were. Perhaps, twenty years ago, they would have been arrogant enough to believe in their supremacy, but the past twenty years had shattered that delusion.

"Take me to her," Rui told them. "I wish to speak to her."

Their gazes were fixed on Rui. "We can do that, but we have a request."

Rui simply stared at them.

Their expressions grew grave as they gritted their teeth.

"We hope that you will kill K'Mala."

Rui's eyes widened with shock. "Did you just... ask me to kill your own daughter and sister?"

Senior K'ahru's eyes sharpened. "Our sister died ten years ago when she broke through to the cursed rank. The person she is now, I refuse to accept that wraith as my sister!"

Rui stared at them, heaving a sigh.

"No."

They winced at his refusal.

"Did you really think that I would agree to that? After I just told you I'm here to enlist her in a war?" Rui raised an eyebrow. "No wonder you idiots have yet to break into the Master Realm."

They glared at him, yet they were powerless to change his mind. He was Master, after all. He could erase their existence from the world if he wanted to. There was a time when they used to intimidate him when they were a whole Realm above him, yet that time had long passed as Rui shot past them with a meteoric speed.

"Then..." He continued. "If you cannot kill her yourself, can you ensure that she dies in war?"

Rui shook his head. "Absolutely not."

They grimaced at his words.

Rui could understand their plight, but he could not bring dishonor to the Kandrian Empire's reputation if it came out.

Reputation was extremely important in the war for allies. His father had entered this war knowing that the good international reputation that he had as a business partner and an alliance mate gave him an advantage.

Rui had no intention of ruining his father's plans by doing something that could besmirch the Kandrian Empire's reputation.



Chapter 2285  Final Request



They gave up on that, sensing his unyielding attitude. "Then… we have one final request of you."

"I will not entertain any requests to harm her. If you want to kill her, then train hard and break through to the Master Realm." This was the way of Martial Artists, after all.

"Our final request does not require you to hurt her," N'Kulu stared at him. "If anything, we hope you will do the opposite."

Rui frowned. "Opposite?"

The air grew heavy as N'Kulu gritted his teeth. "We request you to… mate with her."

"…"

"…"

"…"

"…"

Seconds passed as Rui stared at them, using the SOUL System to see if this was their native sense of humor.

"…Excuse me?" Rui narrowed his eyes. This time, his son, K'Ahru, made the same request.

"Please, if you have any desire to help us, then mate with my sister and let her bear your child!"

Rui grew disgusted as father and son pleaded for him to impregnate Master K'Mala. "You… do you intend to kill her when she's pregnant?"

Female Martial Artists couldn't use their Martial Hearts when they were pregnant, which also meant that they couldn't use their Martial Minds when they were pregnant. In other words, during this phase, their combat power was limited to that of the Squire Realm unless they were willing to sacrifice the fetus, of course.

His eyes blazed with power as he peered into their minds, sensing their emotions with his Martial Mind and sensing their intentions with the SOUL System.

Surprisingly, it wasn't entirely guilty.

"Attacking a woman warrior when she carries a child is one of the worst sins that a member of our tribe can commit. This was a line that none of the other now-deceased tribes ever dared to cross, for it is a sin against life itself," he gritted his teeth. "We hope that motherhood will rekindle the warmth in her eyes, yet if it doesn't…"

He opened his eyes. "Then I will sin my soul to damnation if that is what it takes to free my tribe from her oppression."

Rui stared at him.

Their rationale wasn't as abominable as he thought it was. The G'ak'arkan Tribe was big on family, so the fact that they harbored such hostility for her as she was now probably speaking more about her than it did them.

"What's going on?" Rui narrowed his eyes. "Just what has happened in your tribe? Tell me everything."

Of course, Rui had reports from the long-range surveillance division of the intelligence department of the Martial Union. However, that didn't compare to the reports of someone who lived on a day-to-day basis.

The two men gritted their teeth, recalling the past ten years in the G'ak'arkan Tribe.

Everything had changed.

"It all started ten years ago." Former chieftain N'Kulu began with a morose tone. "My daughter broke through to the mythical fourth rank that we only had heard about but never seen. That was the day everything changed."

His brother nodded gravely. "She had been cultivating for the ten years prior to that, ever since you traded that technique with her."

The two glared at Rui briefly as though he had been the one responsible for their current predicament.

"She became obsessed with the power of thought," his father continued with a dark tone. "So much so that she began isolating herself from the rest of the tribe for days, weeks, months on end."

"…She was trying to develop more systems of thought," Rui realized. "That was what she called it," her brother nodded with a depressed expression. "She tried her very best to teach it to all of us enthusiastically, but…"

"You ridiculed her, probably scoffed at her thought techniques and systems of thought as a bunch of nonsense," Rui snorted, seeing right through them. "She must've given up on trying to teach all of you about systems of thought." n/o/vel/b//in dot c//om

To their credit, none of them tried denying it. They lowered their heads with shame at Rui's words as he hit the nail on the head.

"Had I known that it was the key to breaking through to the next rank, I would have celebrated her achievement—"

"I don't care for that," Rui snorted. "It doesn't matter what you would have done. What matters is what you did. Now, continue."

His brother heaved a regretting sigh. "The incident caused a bit of a rift between her and the rest of her tribe. Even before, she had never been extremely intimate with the tribe's culture. Yet, once she started cultivating thought, and after she was ridiculed for doing so, she grew even more distant to the clan."

Rui could easily see where this was going. "Then, she broke through to the Master Realm."

The former chieftain nodded with a dark expression. "And once she did, the last embers of warmth in her eyes faded away. It was as though she no longer saw us as humans anymore. She looked at us, her own blood, as livestock."

"…I knew it," he muttered. "Tilt to psychopathy caused by the Master Realm."

He suspected it the moment he saw the reports from the Martial Union, yet hearing their testimony on the matter sealed the matter.

"So, this is what the Reign of the Master Realm must have been like." Master Ceeran remarked. "I suppose it truly isn't an exaggeration."

Just like Rui, Master Ceeran had never been around to see the Reign of the Master Realm; they were too young to have been alive during that era.

It was why there was a pronounced difference in the way that older Martial Artists talked about it. A majority of Martial Artists who were alive during the Reign of the Master Realm were not Masters back then. In other words, they had all experienced the oppression of the Reign of the Master Realm.

While younger Masters like Rui and Ceeran didn't treat it as a joke by any stretch, they certainly took it nearly as seriously as the older ones did.

-



Chapter 2286  Contrast



Rui turned back to the two men with a dubious expression. "So, why on earth did you want me to…?"

They grimaced, clearly not pleased they made of him. "We need to find a way to incapacitate her if nothing else, including motherhood, changes her?" Rui snorted with disbelief as his mouth curled with disgust. "…Why me? I am literally an outsider to the tribe, an ambassador from the Kandrian Empire to the tribe."

They gritted their teeth as they found what was to come hard to even say. "In our tribe, women warriors do not accept mates weaker than them. And currently, she is by far the strongest warrior on the entire island."

Rui found his eyebrows twitching as he massaged his forehead, closing his eyes. "So that's the reason that you chose me because you think I'm stronger than her? Are you serious?"

"…The weight of your mind far exceeds that of hers." N'Kulu countered. "We have reason to believe that you are stronger than her."

Rui stared at them in disbelief. "You do realize what you're asking of me, right? You're literally asking me, a foreign official, to procreate with the leader of a warrior tribe who we intend to enlist in our effort because you don't have anybody else. It's absurd!"

He couldn't believe that they even dared to make such a nonsensical request for him. If not for their dire circumstances, he would have been much more stern and visceral in his backlash.

Yet, he didn't have the heart to do so when he sensed the desperation in their minds and their SOULs. They recognized how absurd of a request to make of Rui, yet their circumstances were so bad that they didn't have any choice but to make this request of Rui.

"Please, Master Rui, we must plead with you to heed our request—"

"Enough." Rui firmly rejected their absurd request. "Do away with this notion. It's not happening."

Even putting aside his deep personal qualms with such a course of action, he didn't think that he could do such a thing.

After all, he bore royal blood.

His descendants earned the right to compete for the royal throne; giving that power to a foreign force was a threat to national security. Thus, he would never do that even if he somehow didn't have any personal qualms about disturbing requests that N'Kulu made of him.

"Please, reconsider—"

"Absolutely not," Rui's gaze shifted away from them as it returned to Vilun Island. "But you have made me curious as to the plight of the G'ak'arkan Tribe. The Martial Union does have a Martial humanitarian intervention program that, under certain conditions, allows it to intervene in such circumstances if it can be determined to be in favor of the development of Martial Artists."

However, even if he found that it did match the conditions for the Martial Union humanitarian conditions, he probably wouldn't call for it.

The war was more important to him.

The Kandrian Empire was faced with existential destruction, being targeted by three Sage-level powerhouses that sought to annihilate the nation to ensure that it never elevated itself far beyond them. "Let's go," Rui remarked with a serious expression. "We need to get a good understanding on the circumstances of the G'ak'arkan Tribe when we make our offer in the first place."

Some of the negotiation tactics that Rui had come up with involved benefits to the entire tribe. However, depending on her relationship with the tribe she came to develop a seemingly more oppressive relationship with; he might need to scrap all those plans and go for alternatives.

WHOOSH

The two Masters left the Seniors in the dust as they arrived at the island in the blink of an eye. Rui's extraordinary Martial Mind allowed him to sense the general mental and emotional energy of the entire island even before he actually met any of them. RUMBLE…

The Kandrian Masters stiffened as they felt a deep wave of seismic energy sweep through the entire island and beyond.

"Here she comes." Rui's eyes narrowed as he felt a surprisingly powerful aura coming right towards them. WHOOSH

They found themselves gazing at a dot in the far distance, growing larger by the millisecond as it came straight towards them. It was her. Rui found that, physically, she hadn't changed all that much; her muscular and toned body brimmed with power supplied by her deeply powerful Martial Heart. Her conditioned brown skin was littered with even more scars than before, serving as a testament to the sheer amount of battles that she'd fought in her life as a Martial Artist. After all, the G'ak'arkan Tribe didn't have any way of creating healing potions with their primitive technology. n/ô/vel/b//in dot c//om

WHOOSH…

Her long hair swayed in the powerful drag generated by her speed while her eyes sparkled with the power of the Master Realm. Within the depths of her mind, he detected the presence of a surprisingly powerful Martial Mind, more powerful than most.

It was rather unexpected that a warrior from a less sophisticated civilization could end up creating such remarkably powerful systems of thought with just the Pathfinder technique that Rui had given her.

She was undoubtedly deeply talented and gifted when it came to thought and mind. He hadn't noticed it before, for the G'ak'arkan Tribe shunned thought with its more mindless Martial culture. Her talent had been stifled by her tribe, it meant.

She must've learned that after Rui gave her the Pathfinder technique, having discovered a new field in combat that she didn't even know existed. She must've been quite furious living in a culture that suppressed her great gifts.

Perhaps it was no wonder that she grew distanced from the rest of her tribe.

Rui expected a cold and apathetic person from the tales of her brother and father, yet what he found appeared to be far away from being the case.

Her eyes lit up with delight and ecstasy as she recognized him in an instant, leaping at him with joy.

"Rui! You're back!"

-



Chapter 2287: Transitioned Society

﻿

BAM!

Rui activated Flux Earther, harmlessly dispersing the energy of her charge, as he glanced down at her with a puzzled expression.

This was not what he expected.

In the place of a cold and apathetic was a delighted and ecstatic person.

"You returned!" She exclaimed. "And as a Master! How did you do that so quickly?!"

Her voice was one of joy, one that did not hide how pleased she was to see him. She did not hide how shocked she was at the fact that he had reached the Master Realm when he was just a Squire just two decades ago.

"K'Mala..." Rui murmured as he studied her with a quizzical expression. "You seem to do well these days. Congratulations on having become the tribe chief, however late I am."

She got up from him, smiling. "That happened ten years ago. It's not even special, just an annoying position with lots of responsibility and work."

"...Uh huh." He frowned; he wasn't sensing the tilt to psychopathy that he had been primed to expect.

"You've changed so much." She muttered. "You used to be so weak, but now you seem to much stronger than me."

Rui's smile strained at her words. "It's not like I was particularly weak, given my age at the time."

"Hah! You used to pretend to be strong back then just so you could have our attention!" She laughed at him.

Rui did recall that, in fact. He used to use the Mind Mask to pretend to be grade ten back then because the G'ak'arkan Tribe only respected strength. There was no other way to fulfill the mission that he was entrusted to fulfill.

Looking back, however, it was indeed a tad bit embarrassing.n/ô/vel/b//in dot c//om

"That was purely due to my mission, I assure you."

"Hah, sure, you can tell yourself if you want to."

Rui glared at her lightly as she indulged herself by laughing at his expense.

"Well, what brings you back to our island?" she asked, after finally calming down.

"It's a simple matter, really," Rui replied. "We, the Kandrian Empire, are currently in a war. We need all the help we can get. We hope to enlist you in our war effort in exchange for anything we are able to provide that is commensurate with the value of your services."

Her expression grew intrigued. "An invitation to war, is it? That is unexpected; I didn't think that you would be coming for me myself as opposed to my tribe's techniques. I thought you came for our techniques."

"Well, that was why my friend came along as well. I, however, came for you."

She giggled at his words. "Well, I'm honored."

"Came for you for war, that is." Rui felt the need to add that clarifier for some reason.

Her expression suddenly darkened as K'Ahru and N'Kulu cautiously landed behind them, finally having caught up to her.

"What are you two doing here?"

The two men gulped as the chilling peril of a Martial Master sent chills down their spine.

"I thought I made it clear, did I not?" She glared at them coldly. "Absolutely no leaving the tribe until you complete your homework."

Rui did a double-take when he heard that word. "Homework...?"

"Help us, Rui of the Kandrian Empire!" K'Ahru tried to force Rui's hand by making his request in front of K'Mala. "Save us from this tyrant!"

"Oh, I see..." Her voice grew cold. "You tried to appeal to him to save you from me, didn't you?"

The two men winced at her words.

"Looks like I'll have to take the time to train you once more; come personally, you will never dare to do such a thing once more."

"No!"

"Sorry for the trouble!"

They scurried away as they returned to the tribe in fear.

"Hmph, if you weren't here, they would experience pain unlike anything they have ever felt before." She turned towards Rui with a smile.

Rui, on the other hand, stared at her with a serious expression. "K'Mala, just what have you done to them? I can't imagine what must've happened for them to feel this way about you."

When her attention had turned to them, Rui was able to sense apathy and a lack of warmth in her eyes that only seemed to return when she gazed at him.

She gazed at him for a moment, shaking her head lightly. "It's not what you think."

Rui raised an eyebrow. "I think I know what I saw. I saw people scared of their leader."

She heaved a sigh as she grabbed his hand, tugging at him.

"Come, I'll show you."

Rui let her pull him as they sky-walked across the island. It wasn't long before they happened upon a large village that had almost sextupled in size since Rui last remembered it.

"This..." Rui's eyes lit up with interest.

The sophistication of their civilization had risen since Rui last recalled. Their huts used to be made of mud; now, however, they were made of neatly carved wood that made for larger homes that could accommodate more people and a greater quality of life.

On top of that, the clothing that the people of the tribe donned had evolved beyond just animal pelts wrapped around their bodies to a form of flora-derived fabric that could be woven into clothing articles.

That wasn't all.

"Agriculture." Rui's eyes lit up with intrigue as he spotted tilled swathes of land outside the village.

It appeared that the G'ak'arkan Tribe had transitioned from a hunter-gatherer society to an agrarian society over the span of twenty years.

He continued studying the village and its people as they descended from the sky. He didn't fail to notice the people scurrying in fear when the two of them arrived. He also noticed them gazing at Rui, holding hands with her in intrigue.

"Ahem." He tried gently to extricate his hands from her unwilling grip.

"Come." She pulled him in the direction of a particularly large building made from mortar, wood, and stone. "This is what I wanted to show you."



Chapter 2288  Rejected



Inside the building were children and Martial Artists sitting on the ground, carving into sheets made from fabric woven together.

They were doing basic arithmetics, using the same numerals that were used in the international numeral system on the Panama Continent.

It was the same thing that he had taught K'Mala twenty years ago when he educated on math and physics for eighteen months on all the knowledge needed to use the Pathfinder technique. n/ô/vel/b//jn dot c//om

It was actually a remarkably short amount of time to learn a huge amount of mathematics and science.

It was a pity that she hadn't received all this knowledge in a proper education at a young age; she would have been touted as a genius herself. But alas, the Martial culture ruined most of her potential in this dimension. She was far past the age for rapid growth and absorption.

However, that wasn't true for the children of the G'ak'arkan Tribe. Their life trajectory had yet to be set. They didn't need to live a meaningless and destructive life of daily strife and war where they fought for their lives for no real purpose or gain.

Perhaps that was why K'Mala assimilated the other tribes on the island under a single banner. Without different entities, there would be no more war on the island. Without war, the opportunity to change their life was feasible.

However, there was no doubt to be a deep amount of resistance to her actions and her desire to change the destiny of war for the people of Vilun Island.

If that was the case, he could understand why she felt the need to use her unparalleled might as a Master to force them to change.

"I see." Rui closed his eyes. "I'm starting to understand why you did what you did."

"Right?" Her eyes lit up with delight. "I knew you would!"

"However, I disapprove of your methodology even if the outcome is desirable," Rui calmly remarked as he gazed at the children immersed in their education. "You have become an object of fear and hatred by the people of the village. You are correct that they would benefit more from not living a life of daily violence, but from their perspective, you are eroding everything they ever knew and replaced with something alien that they are unable to understand. Do you understand how horrifying that is from their perspective?"

The warmth in her eyes disappeared once more as a hint of cruelty replaced them. "No, and I don't care to. They deserve it."

There it was.

A deep apathy that was highly uncharacteristic of the woman he once knew.

For a second, he had wondered if he was mistaken.

That perhaps she hadn't suffered a tilt to psychopathy.

Yet, as he gazed into her eyes, he could see that he wasn't mistaken.

She did indeed suffer from anti-social personality disorder caused by the Martial Mind.

One might think that it was contradictory to want to help the tribe while suffering from psychopathy, but that was an oversimplistic view of the matter.

The human mind, compassion, and psychopathy were extremely complex.

It was possible for psychopathy to manifest in a myriad of different ways.

"Oh well," Rui shrugged. "You're the leader of the tribe; it's not in my place to tell you what to do."

Her eyes grew crestfallen. "Don't say that. None of this would have been possible without you. I wouldn't have reached the fourth rank without you. If it wasn't for you, I would never have discovered my affinity for thought."

Rui stared at her.

"I want to repay you."

Her voice grew soft as she drew closer.

"I want to show my gratitude to you."

Her hands ran down his torso.

"I want to—"

"If you want to repay me, then you partake in the war." Rui interrupted her with a deadpan tone.

"…"

"Well, I'm glad that we were able to handle the issue this quickly."

"…I suppose." She smiled bitterly. Rui simply stared at her knowingly. He wasn't stupid. He could sense her emotions, so he knew what she was about to say.

He had no intentions of entertaining it. For him to even consider a romantic relationship, it would have to be someone with the ambition to pursue power and the aptitude to keep up with him. Anything else, and the romance would just crumble under the weight.

Unfortunately, the only two people he personally knew that were capable of that were male.

In the case of K'Mala, she was too tied to her tribe to be a prospective partner for Rui.

Of course, Rui knew that there was no such thing as the perfect partner, but he had no intention of starting a relationship without the confidence that it had any chance of lasting.

Regardless, on a more fundamental level, he knew that he was not in the frame of mind to pursue a romantic relationship when he still struggled to understand who he was. And while romantic fiction had worked hard to sell the power of love, he didn't think it could help him in his current predicament.

He felt bad for cutting her off and trying to leverage her gratitude to gain her support in the war, but he didn't have the luxury to be considerate of her feelings. Winning the war was more important.

"If I leave the village, though, then all this progress will come undone." She frowned.

"Don't worry about that, and the Kandrian Empire will ensure it gets handled," Rui reassured her. "We'll send some powerful Seniors to ensure that nothing goes awry once you leave the village. I'll even have teachers and trainers to help accelerate your work even while you're gone."

Her eyes lit up. "In that case, I'll go!"

"Good, let me tell you about the incentive program we have in place for all enlisted Masters…"

He patiently explained to her all the things that she could earn for herself if she chose to partake in the war and contributed significantly.

-



Chapter 2289  Different Kind of  Peril



"Ok, now I'm definitely coming." She grew deeply enthusiastic once she heard everything she could earn from her merits in the war.

The one that interested her most was, of course, the Sage Realm. She grew deeply shocked at the revelation that a fifth rank existed above the fourth one. It turned out that there was far more to her journey as a Martial Artist than she had expected.

It was the biggest card the Kandrian Empire had to offer to a Master who didn't know anything about civilization on the main island.

The thing that interested her was the opportunity to upgrade her body with potions and the Divine Doctor.

After all, the Squire evolution process of the G'ak'arkan Tribe was primitive compared to the highly sophisticated esoteric technology that the Kandrian Empire utilized, especially since the Kandrian Empire had gained the contributions of both Rui and the Divine Doctor, making its Squire evolution process the greatest in all of humanity.

She was also interested in fighting other Masters.

Ever since she broke through to the Master Realm, she had yet to fight a single Master and gain even an iota of experience as a Master on the battlefield.

Rui knew that she would definitely be among the weaker Masters on the battlefield, but that was fine as was. Not every Master needed to have a high grade in order to make a meaningful contribution. n/ô/vel/b//in dot c//om

Regardless, it appeared that she was quite receptive to his invitation.

Even if he had rejected her before, she could have made an advance on him and used her gratitude to try to pressure her into the war.

"Who are we fighting against?" She asked out of curiosity.

"Other Sage-level powerhouses," Rui replied. "Nations as powerful or that used to be as powerful as the Kandrian Empire. I can assure you the war will be of a scale that you could hardly begin to imagine."

"…You said earlier was too weak to contribute. Doesn't that mean that the third and second rank are entirely meaningless in the war?" She keenly realized.

"Correct." Rui nodded appreciatively. "Seniors are limited to support roles and can only have significance when Masters overpush and exhaust their stamina; we recently had the fortune of witnessing such an event where the most powerful Seniors of our nation were able to make major contributions to the war. But these are quite rare. Only Masters and mainly Sages will decide the outcome of the war."

She heaved a sigh. "It's a much larger world than I had ever expected. To think that strength we used to be so proud of meant nothing in the face of the titans of human civilization."

Rui stirred. "I suppose that's true."

"In hindsight, you lot must've laughed at our pride and arrogance despite merely being of the third rank."

"Well, laugh is a strong word, but yes, I suppose in hindsight, being as arrogant as the tribes of the island used to be was laughable. I especially feel this way, having reached the fourth rank."

At the time, he respected them due to the fact that he was of the Squire Realm and thus weaker, but now, he could only shake his head at their embarrassing arrogance.

He was just glad that despite breaking through to the Master Realm and gaining enormous power that far exceeded what she possessed in the past, she didn't seem to develop an ego, even if she developed some degree of psychopathy.

Considering that she had been told that the Senior Realm was the limit, that was quite the miracle. "If I die, do you promise to take care of the G'ak'arkan Tribe and make sure that they continue down the path that I have set them upon?"

Rui turned to her with a serious expression. "That's a rather pessimistic request."

"It's not unrealistic. It is a simple conclusion to infer that I'm deficient compared to Martial Artists of the fourth rank from the continent like you. If all of them are like you, then I'm certainly at high risk of dying."

"Well, I wouldn't say that they are all like me," he coughed. "I'm different. Like very different."

"Hm, then I will have to judge how I am relative to my peers in person and through experience."

"Still, I will adhere to your request," Rui replied. "I'm curious to see the long-term effects of the education system that you've set up on the Martial Artists and the children."

She cocked her head in surprise. "You mean to say that you don't inculcate thought into your children despite knowing full well that it is fundamental to reach the fourth rank?"

Rui stirred at her words. "Well, I've never inquired into the education policies of the Martial Academy, but the prevailing school of thought used to be that there was no need to inculcate thought so early into their development since it was only relevant after they became Seniors. However, in more recent times, thought has been inculcated into Martial Artists at a much earlier phase than ever before."

He referred, of course, to the voidlet techniques that had been propagated to all of the Lower Realms of Martial Artists in the Kandrian Empire and had begun having a major impact on the rate of breakthroughs into the Master Realm. "Ok, let's put all those matters aside for now," she abruptly remarked. "I want to experience my first battle against a Master. I have waited far too long to be denied this. Let's fight."

Rui stared at her, amused. "Alright, I'll humor you. I am curious to see how strong you are. Be warned that your instincts of a Master's combat power cannot be trusted. Let us see what you have done with my Pathfinder technique over twenty years."

She smiled with a strange light in her eyes. "Let's go to a different island; we cannot afford to hurt the people here with our Martial Embodiments."

Rui felt a kind of peril from her, yet it wasn't the usual kind.

-

He was just glad that despite breaking through to the Master Realm and gaining enormous power that far exceeded what she possessed in the past, she didn't seem to develop an ego, even if she developed some degree of psychopathy.



