Chapter 2070  My Son



If the rumors of Rui's record-shattering breakthrough to the Master Realm had sent waves across East Panama, then the news of the awakening of the Emperor of Harmony sent tsunamis, avalanches, and floods across East Panama.

An announcement from the Royal Palace shook the world asunder.

[With the power vested in me by the Royal Seal, I hereby verily declare and announce to the Kandrian Empire the complete recovery of the Third Emperor of Kandria, Emperor Rael Di Kandria.

-Royal Chancellor Mandaine Vermont.] n/ô/vel/b//in dot c//om

"What?!" "The Emperor of Harmony has healed?!"

"Long live the Emperor!"

"Glory to Emperor Rael!"

Not a single one, aside from those in the know, could possibly contain their shock. Nations, corporations, organizations, and institutions, even powerhouse martial artists from around the continent, shook at the announcement that had been widely spread and broadcast by the Royal Palace.

Despite the fact that news media were not as popular in Gaia as they were on Earth, countless journalists and reporters had hoarded the Royal Palace, causing the Royal Security Force to have to instate barriers, restrictions, and manned security lines to prevent the news-hungry men and women from flooding into the Kandrian Empire.

The many power blocs and factions within the Kandrian Empire were stunned beyond what words could parse. Each and every single one of them had written of the Emperor of Harmony as dead.

Having been embroiled in a throne war that encompassed all of Kandria's highest echelons, they had been thoroughly shaken by the consequences of Emperor Rael's illness.

They had shed blood in their cold war for the throne.

An unfathomable amount of wealth, resources, capital, and time had been invested in the Kandrian Throne War.

And all for what?

With the return of the Emperor of Harmony, the result of the throne war never mattered.

Even if the Final Prince wasn't the one to win, even if the prince or princess they supported won the war, it never mattered.

The Return of the Emperor of Harmony brought about deep frustration among those who had suffered due to the Kandrian Throne War.

The losers of the throne war were depressed.

Yet the winners of the throne war were even more frustrated.

The Rui Faction gritted their teeth with clenched fists as their eyes grew bloodshot.

They had rested easy all this time, knowing that any time soon, Rui would ascend the throne after the Emperor croaked. Some of them had invested billions of gold coins and had essentially made a failing investment. Each of Rui's many stakeholders had supported him in many ways in exchange for securing promises written in contracts that Rui was to fulfill when he ascended the throne.

Now, those investments were sunk.

The contracts were automatically voided.

They couldn't even blame Rui. After all, it wasn't like he had any control or influence over the medical condition of the Emperor of Harmony.

Of course not.

That would be absurd.

"Damn…!" Guildmaster Bradt's expression morphed into grave displeasure in a rare moment of a loss of composure. He had been one of Rui's most ardent supporters and greatest benefactors. Among all, he had undoubtedly suffered the most.

Many of his plans had been completely destroyed with the return of the Emperor of Harmony. Many long-term strategies had been thoroughly invalidated now that Rui could no longer ascend the throne.

"Huff…" Chairman Decker heaved a tired sigh. "…This is why you can't bet on politics."

The two of them would simply have to take their losses and move on. Yet, despite wallowing in their own self-pity, most of Rui's stakeholders had the greatest pity for Rui. Despite the fact that he had worked so hard for six years, all his efforts had gone down the drain. Despite breaking through to the Master Realm, if the rumors were to be believed, he would be deprived of the throne.

None of them could even imagine what he was going through.

He had worked extremely hard and diligently ever since he had been unveiled as the Final Prince of Kandria.

He had personally lobbied all of them, one by one, battling the Kandrian Throne War and eventually dominating and securing victory when he got the final vote by defeating the Gatekeeper in their duel.

Even after he won, he didn't rest, lobbying even more power by forming harems. Though none of them quite understood why he was recently on a spree to get rid of all the harems that he had painstakingly created over the span of three years. Yet, nonetheless, he had also cultivated his Martial power to the point of reaching the Master Realm. All of it had undoubtedly been to seize as much power as the Emperor of Kandria and lead the nation to even greater heights than his father had.

Yet, all of it was now for naught.

They could not even imagine the pain and frustration he must have felt when he learned that he would be unable to ascend the throne. They could only hope that in his grief, he wouldn't do something drastic, overwhelmed with emotion.

The announcement of the Return of the Emperor of Harmony shook everybody who heard it, even as the world began to ponder the implications of such an extraordinary event on the future of the Kandrian Empire and the future of the geopolitical dynamics of all of East Panama.

Yet, while the world was reeling from the impacts of the Return of Emperor Rael, Rui found himself staring the man in the eyes in his medical room.

His skin glowed with a healthy luster.

His eyes and hair sparkled with golden light.

His body surged with vitality and energy.

He had not only been healed but had returned to his very prime by the magic of the Divine Doctor. An aura of majestic power radiated from deep within him.

It inspired awe.

It inspired deference.

It inspired reverence.

A gentle smile emerged on his soft expression as he gazed at Rui standing before him.

"My son."

-



Chapter 2071  Tell Me Everything



For a moment, Rui was frozen.

He had rushed to the Royal Palace when he heard of his father's awakening, yet the moment he saw his father, he had been rendered frozen.

What unfolded before him was surreal.

His father, awake, gazed at him with a gentle smile.

"My son."

"…Father."

The Emperor's powerful gaze peered into his son's eyes as he studied him, noting the many differences and changes he had undergone since their last conversation. It didn't take him more than a moment to understand the significance of how much his son had changed.

He had many things he wanted to say.

Yet, he held his tongue.

He dared not say them out loud in the presence of the medical staff that swarmed him for check-ups.

"You've…grown, my son," Emperor Rael's rich and melodic voice contained a hint of pride and sympathy. "…To think you would grow to reach the Master Realm at your age. Truly, you are an exceptional Martial Artist."

"Thank you, father," Rui replied calmly. "And congratulations on your recovery."

"Mmm…" He gazed at his hands with profound eyes. "It is difficult to believe even at this very moment. I cannot help but wonder if this is reality or a dream. I don't think I would be able to distinguish them."

"…It is real, rest assured." Rui's tone was confident.

"Real…" Emperor Rael whispered. "…If so, it is as beautiful as it is overwhelming."

Rui didn't know what to make of those words.

However, he could understand his father's sentiment.

He had probably dreamed of this for a long time, yet having attained it after he had written it off as impossible, words probably could not even begin to describe how he had felt.

"Your Majesty," the Royal Doctor addressed with deep reverence and incredulity. "I am deeply pleased and thoroughly shocked to inform you that you have made a complete recovery. Not a single side-effect neurological side-effect or symptom from prolonged unconsciousness has been detected. We have thoroughly scanned Your Majesty for anomalies, yet your condition is as perfect as the human condition can possibly be! It's a miracle!"

The royal doctor could hardly contain himself, overflowing with ecstasy and excitement.

"…I certainly feel better than I have in my life," Emperor Rael calmly declared as he gazed at his hands. "Have I truly made a full recovery?"

"Absolutely, Your Majesty. I am extremely confident in our evaluation of your current condition," the royal doctor assured the Emperor of Harmony with high confidence.

"…Then how did this happen?"

Emperor Rael's voice was reduced to a whisper.

"Er…" The royal doctor scratched his head. "…I'm sorry to inform you, Your Majesty, but we have no idea how you have recovered to such an extent. The Eternal Dream Disease is said to be impossible to cure. Your case of complete recovery at the cusp of passing away will shock the entire medical community, I'm afraid."

"Mmmm…" Emperor Rael hummed as he closed his eyes. "Leave us."

"…Your Majesty?"

"I wish to speak with my son alone." His tone was gentle yet unyielding.

It demanded deference.

"O-Of course, Your Majesty. We shall vacate immediately!" n/o/vel/b//in dot c//om

In a moment, the medical staff scurried out of the large, extravagant medical dedicated solely to the Emperor of Harmony.

Emperor Rael opened his eyes, turning his powerful gaze towards Rui.

"How much…?" Emperor Rael's eyes bore into Rui's. "…How much did it cost to find and procure the Divine Doctor's services?"

The Emperor of Harmony was no fool.

He knew, more than anybody, that miracles did not occur.

They were created.

"There was always only one possible source of the healing of my condition." Emperor Rael's was as rich as it was deep. "The fact that I am here, alive, awake, and better than I have ever been means that someone succeeded where I failed and procured the services that I sought for decades."

His hands balled into fists. "…It is difficult to fathom that, in the six months I had left, someone managed to track and compel the Divine Doctor to heal me."

He gazed at Rui with powerful eyes.

Yet, he could not hide the light of confusion within them.

"I do not understand." Yet, despite his confusion, he never once lost his composure, gazing at Rui with strong yet gentle eyes. "Rui." He gazed at his son with deep eyes. "Sayfeel."

"Just what have the two of you been up to?"

Sage Sayfeel disclosed himself in front of his charge with eyes sparkling with renewed drive. "Forgive me for not informing you of the truth earlier when you woke up, Your Highness," Sage Sayfeel knelt, unable to hide the emotion in his voice. "Confirming your health and recovery was my absolute highest priority."

"Sayfeel." Emperor Rael smiled gently at his kneeling follower. "Your humility is only surpassed by your loyalty. Rise, my friend. It is unbecoming of a Martial Sage to prostrate one's self to such an extent. Unworthy of your loyalty I am should I scorn the boon of life you have given me."

His powerful voice was rich with sincerity.

"…I am unworthy of you, Your Majesty." Sage Sayfeel's closed his eyes. "Please live. Live so that I can be worthy of the grace that I have received from you."

Rui gazed at the prostrating Martial Sage, stirring.

He had always known that Sage Sayfeel was fiercely loyal to his father, yet he had absolutely no idea how the two of them had met or how and why Sage Sayfeel had come to pledge his eternal loyalty to his father, yet the fact that his father had managed to cultivate a Martial Sage in secret was already a mind-boggling accomplishment that Rui was unable to fathom.

"Rui."

His powerful voice drew his attention.

A deep gaze bore itself into Rui's eyes.

"Father." Rui calmly returned.

A soft smile emerged on his father's face. "Come now, my son. Do not deprive your father of the truth."

His rich, melodic voice beckoned Rui.

"Tell me. Tell me everything."

-



Chapter 2072  Where Is My Crown?



Rui gazed at his father deeply for a moment.

And then he began.

He began narrating a tale that began seven years ago on the fateful day his father unveiled his true identity to the entire world.

He disclosed everything.

From the very start.

What happened. How he felt. What he thought. And ultimately, what he decided to do.

"…And so I decided that I would not forsake my Martial Path for the throne." His tone grew fierce. "Not now. Not ever. Yet, at the same time, I did not wish to allow the empire to become ravaged by war. A war that would undoubtedly subsume the long lives that my family had cultivated in Kandria. After all the pain that I had put them through from my seven-year exile, I could not bring myself to do that to them."

His father gazed at him silently with melancholic eyes.

"…And so I decided that I would undo the very thing that had caused this mess in the first place," Rui continued as his tone grew heavier. "I would undo the very source of all of this mess. If I could just get your illness healed…"

His father silently listened as Rui bore his heart out for the first time without leaving out even the slightest detail.

He listened as Rui talked about how he built his own faction from nothing, elevating it to the most powerful political faction in the Kandrian Empire.

He listened as his son described his battle with the Gatekeeper, and his victory against the elder Senior and against his brothers, truly attaining everything he needed to claim the throne and all of Kandria for himself.

Yet, it couldn't move Rui.

His father listened as he began his search for the Divine Doctor, approaching the Beggar Sage, the Silas Clan, and the Adventurer's Guild.

His eyes widened as his son described how he managed to reel in the Silas Clan into the Kandrian Empire.

His gaze softened as Rui described his voyage in the Beast Domain.

The Valley of Prisms.

The Forest of Fear.

The Garden of Salvation and the Elder Tree and the suffering he endured to obtain the power of the Tree of Life.

The Mellow and the Mellow Dungeon.

The Divine Doctor.

His breakthrough to the Master Realm.

Yet, as much as Rui tried, he was unable to bring himself to divulge the matter of his soul. He was unable to bring himself to disclose the identity crisis he had suffered in the Mellow at the revelations.

It was too personal.

Too close to the heart.

Too close to the soul.

"And after collecting the alien flora lifeform, we left the dungeon, the Beast Domain, and returned home," Rui explained. "Sage Sayfeel collected us the moment we returned and had the Divine Doctor heal you immediately after. It's been five days since then. And here you are…"

A deep silence settled in the room once Rui finished his long tale.

STEP…

The Emperor of Harmony stood.

He stood for the first time in a long time.

Yet, his gaze was fixed on his son.

His golden eyes were melancholic.

He had needed to exert herculean self-control to suppress his outburst when Rui talked about the Elder Tree intelligence network, the Divine Doctor agreements, the Mellow Dungeon, and the alien flora lifeform.

Each of these was of enormous significance.

They were priceless assets.

Yet, his keen and sharp observation told him that there was more.

His son was hiding something.

Whatever it was, it was deeply personal and had impacted him more than everything had.

It had brought suffering.

Suffering that he had endured as a price for healing his father.

PAT

Rui's eyes widened as his father pulled him into a tender embrace.

"It's over, Rui." His voice was warm and powerful. "I am here."

He let Rui go, directing a deep gaze into his eyes. "Thank you."

His rich, deep voice was as grateful as it was sincere.

"I had thought my fate was sealed."

His tone grew heavier.

"I had thought my life was over."

He closed his eyes. "I had thought dying with regrets was the only possibility, but you…"

A warm smile appeared on the face of the Emperor of Harmony.

"You have shown me that your mother was right. One must never abandon hope, no matter what. I had thought I knew what that meant, but now I understand what she was trying to tell me."

Rui stirred at his words.

"Only now do I understand what she was telling me." Emperor Rael closed his eyes. "Hope must never be abandoned. No matter what."

He opened his eyes, gazing at his son with profound eyes. "I hope you never forget."

Rui met his gaze silently.

"I don't know what plagues your heart," Emperor Rael continued. "But I hope that you overcome it. I hope I can help you, just as you have realized my hope."

Rui nodded silently.

"We have much to speak about." Emperor Rael calmly informed him. "But this is neither the time nor the place. Now that I have returned, I bear the responsibility of the Kandrian Empire. It is one that I cannot let be any longer. The Empire has suffered from a power vacuum and leadership for a long, long time. Its foundation has cracked, and the harmony that I have cultivated over centuries is surely eroding. Do you understand, my son?"

Rui nodded slowly. "…You are the Emperor of Kandria. The Empire needs you. It needs you more than ever. You don't need to worry about me, Father. I'm not a child that requires pampering. I have issues, but…"

He gazed at his hands, clenching them into fists.

"…I can handle them."

He needed it to handle it by himself.

His gaze returned to his father, his eyes filled with confidence.

"Do what you must."

A gentle smile emerged on the Emperor's face. "Then, I shall do exactly that. Now then…"

He glanced at Sage Sayfeel.

"Where is my crown?"

-n/o/vel/b//in dot c//om



Chapter 2073 Let's Get Started

One would think that the excitement from the return of the Emperor of Harmony

would subside in time.

One was wrong.

Shortly after the announcement of the Return of the Emperor of Harmony, the Emperor himself issued an announcement.

An announcement of three addresses.

A public address, private, and a governmental address.

The former was issued to the citizens of Kandria and the entire state.

The Emperor of Harmony would address each and every single citizen and convey his message to them.

The second was an exclusive meeting with the stakeholders of Kandria.n/o/vel/b//in dot c//om

He had invited each and every single one of them, just as he had many years ago.

The Martial Union, powerful corporations, banks, conglomerates, and consortiums across many industries that held great sway on the Kandrian economy, the powerful maritime and seafaring sector of the Empire, the many smaller unions, associations, and guilds that existed with some significance in the Empire.

The third was to all governmental branches of the Kandrian Empire. He needed to reaffirm and restrengthen his grip over the government as the legislator and supreme commander of the Royal Army and the Royal Navy.

He also announced the calling of a C16 Summit.

This sent ripples across East Panama.

The C16, shorthand for Circle of Sixteen, was an intergovernmental political and economic forum consisting of the sixteen Sage-level nations of East Panama, including the four Sage-level powerhouses and another twelve Sage-level nations with one or two Martial Sages such as the Shionel Confederation.

As the returning leader of the Kandrian Empire and the head of state, one of his most important responsibilities was maintaining internal relations, diplomatic, and foreign affairs.

It was especially important in East Panama.

These four events immediately after his recovery sent a message to the rest of the world.

The Emperor of Harmony had returned.

One of the most formidable and powerful players of all of human civilization had returned to the world stage.

And he demanded acknowledgment.

And he got it.

Within hours of the two back-to-back announcements, each and every single nation save for the other three powerhouses had already issued statements and sent

delegations to the Kandrian Empire to personally kiss Emperor Rael's ass.

"Popular," Rui muttered as he carefully read through the flood of intelligence reports that the intelligence department of his faction had been feeding him.

It was no wonder that his return had been greeted with so much positivity, even putting aside that it would be stupid to piss off someone as powerful as his father.

For one, an overwhelming majority of nations in East Panama were genuinely grateful that the Emperor of Harmony had returned.

Of the three Sage-level powerhouses, the Kandrian Empire was the least tyrannical and the best to all of them.

Within the Age of Martial Art, the Britannian Empire and the Sekigahara Confederate had a long history of exerting tyrannical Martial power within their domain of influence. The Britannian Empire, prior to Emperor Arthur breaking through to the Transcendent Realm, engaged in colonialism while the Sekigahara Confederate ravaged their domain of influence with war.

The Republic of Gorteau, on the other hand, engaged in economic and financial dominance, using debt to trap nations into economic subservience while draining them of capital and resources. It artificially inflated the value of its paper currency by leveraging its debt traps and Martial dominance to force all nations to trade essential resources and goods in the Gorteau Dollar,

The Kandrian Empire, thanks to the Emperor of Harmony, was the least horrible nation, although not entirely clean itself. At the very least, Emperor Rael was a man who made them actually want to engage in a relationship with the Kandrian Empire.

Three centuries of a diplomatic approach centered around harmonious globalization, the Kandrian Empire gained the largest number of powerful allies and synergetic growth that, at the very least, did not leave any parties disenfranchised.

"Now then..." Rui glanced at the time. "He should be seeking my presence any time soon."

Rui knew that he would be an important part of the Emperor of Harmony's return to power. After his father fell into a coma, the faction and power blocs that he had monopolized fell away from his grip and were soon lobbied by the likes of Princess Rafia, Ranca, Prince Randal, and Raijun.

And then later, by Rui.

Currently, Rui monopolized a great deal of the influence and power that once used to belong to his father. The two of them would need to coordinate carefully to ensure all that power returned to his father.

His father would need to time his re-monopolization of that power simultaneously as Rui dissolved his faction, bit by bit.

This was not a simple process, unfortunately.

Rui would need to void many of the exclusive contracts that he had signed with the stakeholders of his faction while also slowly freeing up all the resources that belonged to the Rui Foundation and returning them to his father.

Only after that was complete, could his father truly return to the pinnacle of power he once held long before his decline.

He had absolutely no problem giving it all away; he looked at it as an exorcism, a process of emancipation.

He would finally be savoring the fruits of five years of painstaking efforts in the Beast Domain. Considering everything he had suffered through, he was determined not to let anything take away from him.

"It's not going to be easy."

The deep voice of the Emperor of Harmony echoed through the empty throne hall, rich with power. His aura of ephemeral authority and power returned with the Royal Crown of Kandria adorning his head and the Royal Throne supporting him.

"I know, Father," Rui replied. "But, I intend to cut myself away from all these shackles and burdens. If I'm to understand who I am, I cannot be hampered by all this nonsense."

The Emperor of Harmony smiled wryly. "You cannot be hampered by all this nonsense,

hm?"

He closed his eyes.

"Then let's get started, shall we?"



Chapter 2074  The Transfer of Power



The two of them immediately began working together to ensure that the transfer of power would go smoothly. "It won't take me too long to void all the agreements and contracts now that news of your return has spread through the world," Rui calmly remarked. "However, I doubt that you want me to get rid of all of them at once."

The Emperor of Harmony nodded appreciatively. "Should you let go of all your power faster than I can make it mine, then the probability that I may fail to monopolize it is now low enough."

Rui shrugged. "I think you're underestimating how popular you are, Father. Too many people hold you in far too high regard for anybody to possibly win that power from you." Nôv(el)B\\jnn

"Be that as it may," his father continued. "It is not worth taking a risk for. I want to minimize the probability of anything going wrong."

"…Fair enough," Rui nonchalantly remarked. "What plans for the transfer of power do you have? I was thinking of holding a mass conference with my stakeholders to tell them that I would eventually be planning to support you and prime them to join you. However, that is a crude way of going about it."

Rui was just extremely impatient to get it over with.

"…It is a bit too straightforward and may very well do more harm than good." The Emperor of Harmony shook his head. "You need to remember that the stakeholders of your faction are deeply displeased by my return. In their minds, they have been denied their rightful influence on the next emperor due to my return and have suffered immense losses."

Rui was aware of this, of course.

"There are ways to get around this," he pointed out. "For one, I can financially compensate them significantly with all the wealth I got from the donations to my campaign."

Emperor Rael frowned at his son's suggestion. "That is surely impossible. Campaign donations are spent on campaigning. There is no way you can repay all of them since you have spent the majority of it on bribing high-ranking government officials."

"That's true, but the good part is that I received capital from all over East Panama," Rui smirked, "while the only people that we need to compensate are stakeholders within Kandria."

Emperor Rael understood where Rui was going with his plan. "However, compensating only domestic stakeholders will earn you the ire of foreign stakeholders."

Rui shrugged. "If I were a Martial Senior, I would be worried. But I am a Martial Master." "…Still, even if you did receive donations from foreign stakeholders, surely most of the wealth you received came from within Kandria."

"That's true."

"In that case, you shouldn't be able to compensate your domestic stakeholders since the total capital you received is not that much greater than the capital you received from within Kandria, which is what you're seeking to repay."

"That's also true," Rui admitted. "However, out of all stakeholders, I do not need to financially repay the Martial Union. They learned about my deception, as you know, and I already settled my debt to them for free after I won a Martial duel and wager to them."

"...That sounds exactly like something they would do." Emperor Rael heaved a soft sigh. "And considering that a large portion of my donations came from them, I can actually manage to repay the others from the wealth that I got from them. It's close, but I should be able to fully repay all of them in this manner," Rui explained. "Hmmm… in that case, your plan does have merit." Emperor Rael nodded appreciatively. "Less than one percent of campaign runners return donations in the event of their losses; thus, you shall earn deep appreciation from each of them, which, in turn, shall make them more sympathetic and willing to support me instead."

Rui nodded. "Those were my thoughts as well. Probably the best way to turn them sympathetic."

"That's not all," the Emperor realized. "It can allow you to abolish your faction a lot sooner since you can justify that by the lack of funds. I see; that was your main goal, wasn't it?"

Rui shrugged. "Win-win if you ask me."

"Hah," Emperor Rael mirthlessly laughed. "I suppose that is true. Your plan has merit. The only issue is…"

An amused smile appeared on his face. "Can you actually sell that you are truly devastated by my return?"

That was a question that Rui hadn't considered.

It might prove to be a little difficult.

"I've fooled lots of people about lots of things," Rui impassively remarked. "I don't foresee any issues in that regard."

"It's going to be a little different this time," his father warned him. Rui's expression darkened. "Because of how close the timing is to my breakthrough?"

Emperor Rael nodded seriously. "A son randomly breaks through to the Master Realm at the age of thirty-five while the father simultaneously breaks out of the curse of the Eternal Dream Disease. Two events that should be impossible somehow happened nigh simultaneously."

It wouldn't take a genius to suspect that something fishy had taken place.

"Of course, they won't arrive at the truth when considering the various possibilities," the Emperor calmly stated. "The truth, your story, is actually quite absurd and fantastical. However, many might come to think that it was a fraud from the very start. After all, deception is far more likely than the notion that I was able to recover from the Eternal Dream Disease."

"We have the Divine Doctor as proof, but…" Rui's expression grew complicated.

"…Revealing that we have the Divine Doctor at our service will put an even bigger mess on our hands," Emperor Rael completed his thoughts. "Put aside any thoughts of revealing any of the super assets that you have bestowed upon Kandria. The Silas Clan's joining of the Kandrian Empire significantly increased the tensions between Kandria and the other three powerhouses. Elder Tree, time-accelerated dungeon, and the Divine Doctor are things that must remain secret. At the very least, not before I have fully regained all my power."



Chapter 2075  Offer and Request



The possibility of the Britannian Empire, the Sekigahara Confederate, and the Republic of Gorteau waging war against the Kandrian Empire was terrifying.

"Yet it is not unrealistic." n/o/vel/b//in dot c//om

The Emperor's voice was calm.

"I know how my peers and counterparts think," the Emperor continued. "They will not tolerate Kandria retaining so many powerful revolutionary assets together. The power that you have brought home for all of us is extremely great. Far too great. The world will not leave us alone if they were to find out."

Rui nodded along, yet he kept the fact that a war wasn't the worst thing to him personally due to the fact that he needed more real experience in battle as a new Martial Master.

Of course, he would never try to trigger a war purposefully.

"I will need to chalk up an exceedingly secure plan for the utility of these assets without it being leaked to the rest of the world, but…" The Emperor shook his head. "It is impossible to keep it a secret forever while also making meaningful use of them. The more we benefit from each of these treasures, the less we'll be able to hide them."

Rui had had exactly the same thought process.

The world wouldn't just ignore the Kandrian Empire growing ten times stronger. It would have long taken any and all measures to halt the Kandrian Empire's growth once it crossed a certain threshold.

If they did use the Divine Doctor to massively empower all Kandrian Martial Bodies, the world would notice instantly by straightforward observation.

If they did use the time-accelerating dungeon to accelerate the growth of all Kandrian Martial Artists, then the world would notice.

If they did use the Elder Tree to dominate the Beast Domain market, the world would notice.

If they did all three, then the world would refuse to stand by and watch the Kandrian Empire rise far above everybody else.

"In fact, even at this point, we are teetering dangerously close to that very threshold," the Emperor of Harmony warned his son. "And you are at the center of it all."

Rui frowned. "Me?"

His father nodded. "You are responsible for the two things that have pushed Kandria into the red zone. Namely, the Hungry Pain technique and the Silas Clan."

Rui's eyes widened. "…You mean that I have been pushing the line long before I even realized it?"

"That is precisely correct," his father replied calmly. "The Silas Clan was certainly a big push. One of the reasons that it did not escalate too much was because, as juicy as the Silas Clan was, it was also feared. Your grandmother was feared. The power of prophecy was highly feared. That is why tensions have escalated but have not erupted into full-scale war."

Rui narrowed his eyes. "However, if there is another push…"

"Especially if that push is of an element that is not directly additive to our net military power." The Emperor's tone grew solemn. "Like the Divine Doctor. He can change the nation immensely in the future. However, if he is discovered today, there is nothing he can do that will off-set the dangers that he will attract."

Rui heaved a tired sigh. "So… what are your plans to deal with these dilemmas?"

The Emperor carefully considered the matter.

It was an extremely difficult matter to consider.

Yet, in the few days since his return, it was the matter that he had thought the most about.

"The best-case scenario is one where we'll be able to both use these boons to the fullest and withstand the consequences of their disclosure."

Rui's eyebrows furrowed. "…That is highly unrealistic."

Earning the bloodlust of three Sage-level powerhouses was no different from a death warrant.

It was an unfathomable amount of net military power.

Withstanding such hostility should have been impossible.

Yet, just as he sought to voice his opinion, he froze, remembering who he was talking to.

"I have withstood the pressure of the other three Sage-level powerhouses before."

The Emperor's tone was one of calm confidence.

His statement was one of cold historical fact.

During the first and second East Panamic Wars, it was he who had led Kandria to hang on under the combined pressure of the three other powerhouses of Panama, even if by the skin of his teeth through ingenious military and geopolitical strategy. It was he who had forced the other three powerhouses to finally concede and acknowledge Kandria as a true equal, cementing his glory as the Emperor of Harmony.

"I have reason to believe that it is possible this time as well, but…" his gaze softened as he smiled at his son. "…This time, I may not be able to do it without you."

Rui stared at his father with an incredulous expression. "You…"

"Perhaps it is because I feel incredible at this very moment." He gazed at his hand, clenching his fist. "…but I do not think I will fail. At least, not with your help. Without you, I might have no choice but to settle for inferior options. I might be forced to minimize the use and consumption of the priceless assets that you have bestowed upon this empire so that the world does not discover these treasures..."

"But with me, that somehow changes?" Rui narrowed his eyes.

A hint of pride lit up in his father's eyes. "It changes everything."

He closed his eyes. "Your mind is not ordinary. In the span of a few years, you accomplished what I failed to accomplish in thirty years: finding the Divine Doctor. You won the Kandrian Throne War dominantly. You lobbied the Silas Clan to join us, earned the friendship and cooperation of the mythical Elder Tree, and broke through to the Master Realm at the age of thirty-seven before procuring a few more priceless assets."

His eyes opened as they met Rui's gaze with endless certainty and confidence.

"Together, we can elevate Kandria to even greater heights," he continued. "Together, we can manifest Kandria's true potential rather than burying it forever. Together, we can accomplish the impossible."



Chapter 2076  Ambitious Undertaking



It didn't take Rui long to come up with an answer.

"No."

His tone was clear and certain.

Not a hint of hesitation could be heard in it.

"I'm going to transfer all my political power and influence back to you as soon as possible," Rui calmly stated. "After that, I'm done with politics. I am not a politician. I am a Martial Artist."

His father was stumped, speechless.

"The whole reason I sought to find the Divine Doctor was so that you could do all this stuff, not me," Rui firmly asserted. "I refused to be dragged back into something I have worked so hard to leave.

For a moment, Emperor Rael simply stared at his son before closing his eyes with a wry smile. "I see…" Rui simply awaited his response warily.

"Forgive me; I should have never asked," his father shook his head. "It was a foolish question. You have put much effort into avoiding taking the throne, and I should have foreseen that getting even more involved would be against your wishes."

Rui nodded with relief. "…I don't have time for this stuff. I need to focus on Project Water and getting stronger quicker."

His father smiled at those words. "Your single-minded determination to fulfill your ambition is inspiring. I see now that relying on a son who has already done so much for me and the empire is a weakness on my part."

His tone grew heavier.

Rui peered at his father upon those words. He wasn't able to sense his emotions, but that was probably on account of the invisible Sage Sayfeel, who was always in the Emperor's vicinity.

"You mean to say…" Rui narrowed his eyes. "You're going to go through with it? Do you really think you can elevate Kandria far above everybody else with the power of priceless treasures and endure the consequences that come from it?"

Even if Rui did accept his father's offer and request, he wasn't sure if they could succeed together. The moment Kandria crossed the acceptable threshold of power, the other powerhouses would immediately swoop in like sharks to drag it down before it forever escaped their reach.

Yet, when he beheld the Emperor of Harmony, he couldn't help but pause. Ironically, the man radiated an even greater aura of confidence and a sense of certainty after Rui rejected him. This was the man who had raised Kandria from just another nation to a continental powerhouse.

He seemed to grow larger than life by the moment his powerful gaze met Rui's eyes.

A single word escaped him.

"Yes."

Rui's eyes widened.

"In my stead, any other ruler and leader would fearfully keep the Divine Doctor, the time-accelerated dungeon, and the Elder Tree network hidden, never to be exposed, but I…" Growing more certain by the second, the Emperor continued, "…I do not intend to settle for a sub-optimal option. I believe that it is possible to maximize the benefits of the Divine Doctor, time acceleration dungeon, the Silas Clan, and the Elder Tree network without suffering dire consequences."

Rui stared at him, stunned. "…This is going to be far more difficult than the two East Panamic Wars, Father. Back then, you fought for the acknowledgment and acceptance of being equal. But this time…"

His eyes narrowed. "This time, you're fighting for the acknowledgment and acceptance of Kandrian supremacy. None of the other three Sage powerhouses will accept Kandria as far superior to them. They will never tolerate and never allow it. Even if you do not somehow succumb to the sheer amount of hostile pressure you will be inviting, war will never end unless Kandria does somehow become powerful enough to overcome all three of our peers—"

He froze as it suddenly clicked.

His father's true intentions.

"You…" Rui's eyes widened. Emperor Rael smiled. "It is merely a matter of time for any nation possessing the treasures that you have brought us to elevate itself above others should it employ these treasures to their absolute fullest."

"…As long as it can withstand the hostile pressure from elevating itself above others for long enough." Rui's tone grew more severe.

"That is correct," Emperor Rael calmly affirmed Rui's words. "Should I employ these resources for the maximum benefit and utility, their effects will soon be widely known, triggering wars from those that will not allow us to elevate ourselves far beyond them. However, if we can weather these wars long enough for the resources to take full effect, then we will have gained the power needed to stalemate them and, eventually, end them." n/o/vel/b//in dot c//om

His father intended to start a race.

A race that he intended to win.

"…Are you really planning to do this?" Rui gazed at him, stunned.

His father gazed at him with a confident smile. "Not right now, no. My greatest priority at the moment is regaining all my lost political power. Only after that will I begin planning and preparing to fulfill the ambition that I have just informed you of. It is very easy to talk about dreams in a conversation, but manifesting them takes immense time and effort."

"…I see," Rui murmured. "In the meantime, my return will most likely alarm my counterparts," the Emperor remarked with a knowing tone. "In my projection, tensions will continue rising. I will need to plan a scrupulously flawless long-term strategy for maximizing the benefits of the treasures you have given Kandria while also planning our resistance against the hostile pressure that will undoubtedly converge upon us from the rest of the world. However, the probability of a great war is…"

He grew more severe. "…extremely high."

Rui stared at his father wordlessly.

"Well, all the more reason to get stronger."

His father's powerful gaze softened as a smile cracked at the edge of his mouth. "I suppose that's true. Prepare yourself, my son. If you wish to pursue the Martial Path at the cost of all other paths, then so be it. You will learn what it means to partake in a war as a Martial Master."

On the one hand, Rui was concerned at the prospect of his father leading Kandria to war because of his desire to maximize its potential for greatness.

On the other hand, the prospect of war excited him as a Martial Artist and a newly ascended Martial Master.

-



Chapter 2077  As a Martial Artist



His father's new ambition was extraordinary.

It was the kind of ambition that would affect not only him but everybody else in the entire world.

It was surreal.

Perhaps it was because he had just regained life and was looking forward to making the most of it.

Perhaps it was because he truly believed in the revolutionary power of the priceless treasures that Rui had brought home with him. The Silas Clan and its Eye of Prophecy, the Divine Doctor, the Elder Tree network, and the time-accelerated dungeon—each of these had the potential to revolutionize nations and skyrocket them beyond their limits.

Kandria had gained all five.

Any ordinary leader in his stead would have quaked in fear even if their eyes were lit with greed.

After all, no nation would tolerate its peer growing astronomically stronger than it. Especially if it could foresee said astronomical growth ahead of time.

That was exactly what revealing the possession of these treasures would do; it did not take a genius to see that allowing Kandria to monopolize them freely was the same as agreeing to be forever inferior to Kandria.

That was never going to happen.

They would either plot to rob Kandria of said resources or destroy those treasures. At the very least, get access to a solid piece of the pie in exchange for not waging war.

His father was disinclined to go down these routes.

Rui was able to parse scenarios where Kandria didn't get wiped off the map by the sum total military power of three Sage-level powerhouses and many Sage-level and Master-level nations. However, achieving those scant few positive scenarios would require extraordinarily effective geopolitical, diplomatic, and even domestic strategies and tactics. His father would not only need to carve out a plan that was highly effective but also execute it with a certain degree of accuracy. Even a single mistake could spell disaster for Kandria.

"…And even if you do come up with the most effective strategy and execute it with extreme perfection, war will be inevitable," Rui murmured out loud. "In this particular case, not being defeated alone can be considered a great victory. We will still need to fight tooth and nail to secure such an outcome."

"That is correct." Emperor Rael smiled. "Train hard, my son. I suspect that when the time does come, even your current level of power will be rendered insignificant in the face of the sheer amount of pressure that we will experience. If you want to make an impact, if you want to make the most of it, you will need to be strong enough to participate in it as a Martial Artist."

His tone was light, but his words were heavy.

If Rui, as a Martial Master in the upper echelons of the Master Realm, could be rendered meaningless, then that spoke to the sheer volume of pressure they would be experiencing from the rest of the continent when the time for his father's ambitions came.

Yet, this realization did not bring him despair.

No.

His eyes lit up with fire as his drive grew stronger than it had ever been in his life.

"Do what you must, Father." His voice grew steely. "I will be ready when the time comes."

A proud smile cracked at the edge of his father's mouth. "That's my boy. Prepare yourself. Fortunately, you have time. I have only just woken up. In addition to regaining my lost political power, I will also need to stabilize the domestic power dynamics and the balance between various power blocs of the Kandrian Empire to minimize civil conflict and friction. The foundation of the Kandrian Empire's supremacy is harmony. Should it ever cease to exist, this nation will be torn apart by civil war and will be weakened enough to be suppressed by our enemies."

He exhaled deeply. "…Once these most immediate concerns are settled, I can begin creating my master plan and commence preparations to execute it."

Rui sharpened his gaze. "What will you do with the Divine Doctor, the Elder Tree, and the time-accelerated dungeon in the meantime?"

Emperor Rael shook his head. "Until I am certain that we have obtained the means to endure their consequences, we must restrict their utility and impact on Kandria. We absolutely cannot allow the other nations to learn about them prematurely. Thus, one of my highest priorities at the moment is to secure them with absolute secrecy."

"That is prudent." Rui nodded, relieved that his father was approaching the treasures with extreme caution and sense despite the insane ambitions he held. "It will be impossible for me to plan and accomplish this all by myself, thus I intend to involve the most important military and Martial stakeholders in the nation with this plan. Grand General Aramoeus and the Grand Admiral Geron, the Sage Council, and the strongest of Martial Masters. And perhaps, you too."

Rui furrowed his eyebrows at those words. "I told you, I'm not going to engage in politics anymore." n/o/vel/b//in dot c//om

"I' wouldn't be inviting you in the capacity of a politician this time," Emperor Rael calmly replied. "I would be inviting you in the capacity of a Martial Artist. Martial Artists are also involved when it comes to military and Martial strategy. As the largest stakeholders of the net power of a nation, Martial Artists possess a voice that cannot be ignored and must be given its due."

Rui stirred at those words, acquiescing lightly.

He did not want to engage in the roles of a politician that involved lobbying and leveraging, negotiations and diplomacy, legislation and executive, bureaucracy and management, but he didn't mind offering his two cents on Martial Art-centric matters when it came to the strategizing and planning.

"Fine." Rui heaved a sigh. "I'll help you out with chalking up a strategy. But that's it. Nothing else. I will not be involved with the execution, management, oversight, or any other responsibility of any other kind."

His father chuckled. "It seems like your experience as a politician has left you wanting to stay away from that world."

Rui snorted. "That, it has."

-



Chapter 2078  Treasure Profiles



His chat with his father gave him some clarity on what the future held. Before, Rui did not have a clear idea of what was to come of the many changes that he had introduced to the Kandrian Empire.

Now, however, he had listened to his father's intentions for the future and had gotten a good idea of what was to come for Kandria.

Most people in his position would have despaired at what was to come.

Yet, when he thought about the prospects of fighting true battles against many different Martial Masters from different nations around East Panama, he could not help but grow extremely excited.

There were many things to look forward to.

"For now, however, my new ambition to elevate Kandria to even greater heights will need to wait for quite some time until I have reached my previous levels of power." Emperor Rael directed a pointed look at Rui. "Let us begin the transfer soon. We can begin with your plan of compensating your domestic stakeholders and priming them to support my faction. After that, I will speak to as many as I deem fit and lobby them to my side. Only after I am certain that I have earned the support of as many of your stakeholders as possible can you void all the contracts that bind them to you and abolish your faction."

Rui nodded in agreement, satisfied with this arrangement.

It minimized his work.

Emperor Rael had firmly gotten the message that Rui was not interested in being his political second-in-command or political lieutenant.

Thus, he proposed a plan that required Rui to take merely one final action as a political leader before finally tossing the role away by releasing his political power and letting his father inherit it.

In this context, the 'political power' that Rui had essentially boiled down to two types: explicit and implicit. The former was the hundreds of contracts that Rui had signed that contained non-compete and exclusive clauses that restricted his stakeholders from extending certain capital, goods, and services. The latter simply boiled down to a willingness to support.

His father could handle the latter quite well. He was charismatic and compelling, and more importantly, he was extremely credible with a long proven history of extreme competence and brilliance. Rui priming his stakeholders to consider him as a person to invest in was merely the cherry on top.

Yet, that was not the only thing that Rael wanted to consult Rui on.

"At this point, you possess the highest amount of experience with the Divine Doctor, the Elder Tree, and the time-accelerating dungeon," his father pointed out. "Your insights into managing them and keeping them secret will be highly valuable."

"I don't think you need my help in that regard." Rui shook his head. "You kept Sage Sayfeel hidden all this time, after all."

"Because I knew what I was dealing with," his father pointed out. "That is simply not true here."

That was a fair point.

"The Divine Doctor is the easiest to handle," Rui remarked, shrugging. "He is the hyper-obsessive type. Just let him play with the alien flora lifeform, and he will be satisfied. He doesn't need anything beyond that and basic necessities."

"And how much can he be trusted?" The Emperor's eyes narrowed. "What is the probability that he will betray us?"

"…He is a psychopath," Rui slowly began. "Looking into his eyes is unnerving because it is like looking into the eyes of an inhuman thing posing as a human. He is also a bit of a narcissist when it comes to his medical capabilities."

"…That does not inspire much faith in me." the Emperor frowned. "However, he has no incentive to betray me and every incentive not to."

"…Incentives can be created, my son," he calmly continued. "It is called bribing."

Rui shook his head. "You don't have to worry about that. He cannot be bribed with wealth, resources, or power. Trust me, I have tried. The arrangements that I have made with him are a powerful shackle on him." n/o/vel/b//in dot c//om

"…I am unable to verify that claim, but I have trust in your evaluation." His father's tone was sincere. "In that case, dealing with the Divine Doctor will be a lot simpler. I shall have an alias and a fake identity prepared for him and have him work in the Kandrian Institute of Technology."

Rui raised an eyebrow with confusion. "Aren't you going to build a super-secret laboratory in the middle of nowhere to hide him there?"

"That is a sub-optimal solution," his father calmly replied. "Under the current circumstances, the risk of such extravagant moves being discovered is too high. The rumors of your breakthrough in combination with my recovery from the Eternal Dream Disease have put all eyes on us. For now, at least, leave the Divine Doctor alone."

Rui stirred, finding himself in agreement with his father.

"What about this Elder Tree of Legend?" His father inquired. "It isn't even human. I am much more troubled with the notion of trusting in the intel of an intelligent non-human species."

Rui smiled nostalgically as his memories of the Garden of Salvation returned. "If that tree cannot be trusted, then no one can. It is, in my evaluation, a Sage-level creature; it could have easily taken me captive and forcefully extracted all the value that I could possibly provide before killing me, yet…"

His gaze turned to his father. "It never once exploited me despite how easy it would have been."

That was indeed a deeply compelling argument, even his father had to admit. "…I need to speak with it."

Rui nodded. "I have already begun working on it."

"…Good," his father nodded. "The dungeon is a nonsentient asset; thus, the only question regarding its performance is whether the Divine Doctor can unlock it."

Rui's eyes grew more certain. "He'll figure it out. That man is undoubtedly a genius. He will need time, but he will succeed."

"Time he has," the Emperor reassured him. "There is much that needs to happen before I can even begin to plan its usage."

-



Chapter 2079  Much Work



Father and son talked more about what was to come as they laid out their plans for the future and came to an agreement on a large number of things. n/ô/vel/b//in dot c//om

"I'm glad that I have plenty of forewarning this time for an impending war," Rui remarked with appreciation. "That is a luxury that is afforded to very few people."

Rui had already begun to plot out his path forward for when his father would inevitably trigger a war with his peers.

He didn't have a precise estimate for when the timeline for war would begin, of course.

But that was fine, as long as he knew it was coming, he could grow stronger.

He would equip himself with the power to deal with the war.

With the power to adaptively evolve to war.

He didn't even know what that looked like.

In the past five years, much of his growth had been maximized to adaptively evolve to the Beast Domain. The Tree of Life, Muspelheim, and Niflheim were most optimal against inhuman species. The Tree of Life did indeed treat each Martial Body as its own species and thus was effective. After all, although every Martial Body was unique, they were merely hyper-evolved human beings. Each Martial Body, although its own species in a sense, was still a part of the Tree of Life.

Thus, Rui was able to see exactly what kind of environment was most suited to taking them down. However, the difference was that Martial Artists tended not to have the extreme weaknesses against temperatures that beasts did.

Thus, Muspelheim and Niflheim, while quite damning against the denizens of the Beast Domain, were not nearly as powerful against Martial Artists.

Of course, not all the progress that he had made in the Beast Domain was most effective against the beasts of the Beast Domain. The SOUL System that he had developed in the region was also effective against Martial Artists. Unfortunately, he didn't have much experience using it against Martial Artists, unlike against beasts.

The same could be said about the past five years worth of experience. "I'm actually glad that your war will be taking its time to come," Rui told his father. "I have so many things to do as a new Martial Master that it isn't even funny."

Gaining experience against Martial Masters was something that he had already discussed with his grandmother. He also needed to work on increasing the synergy between his Martial Art and Mind and to work on bolstering his offense and improving his physicals. "If a war were to ensue at the moment, I would be sorely underprepared," Rui remarked. "Not to mention, I look forward to honing myself in the furnace of war, but peace… isn't bad."

After five years in the Beast Domain where he was prone to losing his life any moment in the maelstrom of chaos that characterized the region, some peace and security in the Human Domain were quite soothing.

Especially after everything that he had gone through emotionally.

"Enjoy this peace while it lasts, my son," his father told him. "For when I begin to fulfill my ambition, it will surely cease to exist."

Rui narrowed his eyes. His words were ominous.

War.

It felt surreal.

Like the reality of war in the not-too-distant future was something that hadn't settled in.

Perhaps it was because their conversation was normal, but the gravity of the Emperor of Harmony's words had yet to really hit Rui on an emotional level.

On a rational level, however, he had already begun to adjust his mindset for the future.

War did not tolerate softness.

Nor weakness.

"I will keep that in mind."

It wasn't long before their second meeting came to an end.

Of course, it most certainly would not be their last. Considering that Rui was the strongest tie between some of the super treasures that he had brought back home and Kandria, his aid and input in regulating them would be needed.

However, for now, he could put the matter aside.

For now, his father was focused on returning to his old state of hard and soft power and influence.

Until then, any question of triggering a war was entirely off the books.

While his father focused on regaining what he had lost in the many years since his prior decline, Rui would be focusing on gaining more power.

[Your Highness, the Sandflower Nectar Potion procedure and the life-prolonging procedure are prepared; I am informed that you may choose to undergo them any time you please.]

Perhaps the only part of having a faction that Rui didn't dislike was the fact that he could pawn off a lot of boring work to people he employed. "I need to get myself a managerial team after I dissolve my faction."

Even powerful and prominent Martial Seniors tended to have managers who dealt with paperwork, contracts, and negotiations. Martial Masters were wholly too prominent to participate in the world without one.

Now that he had decided to cut away as much non-Martial bullshit from his life to focus solely on training, he could never go back to personally dealing with things that he had come to delegate. His time was too precious, especially since the future was not one that would tolerate weakness.

"Stamina potion, offense training, combat experience, synergy training, war preparations…" he murmured. His to-do list had ballooned all of a sudden upon return from the Beast Domain. He had expected some amount of reprieve, and perhaps he would still get it, but it appeared that life was not willing to let him rest on his laurels nearly as easily.

"Such is life."

He never intended to rest on his laurels, at least not until he obtained Project Water. An ambition of a lifetime.

Two lifetimes, even.

An ambition from two different people across two different worlds. He immediately put aside such thoughts as he began planning his path to greater power. He had much work to do in the coming years.

-



