Chapter 2260  Impacts and Value



Their words were ominous.

They weighed down on the atmosphere.

Just from them alone, Rui was sharply able to deduce much. "The Sekigahara Confederate has learned about the truth about our breakthroughs, have they?" Rui's voice grew forlorn.

"…I'm afraid they have, according to Master Kane's testimony. He regretfully reported that he wiped all but one Master of the Sekigahara Confederate until their Sages protected the final one."

Rui's eyes widened with alarm. "Is he okay?!"

Running into hostile Sages was something that no Master possessed the power to survive.

"He is alive and well, Your Highness," the four Master reassured him. "Sage Arrancar himself intervened, protecting his son from what would have otherwise meant certain death."

"…Thank god," Rui heaved a sigh of deep relief. "What is the Martial Union's evaluation of him as a Master?"

"Grade eighteen, your Highness," they informed with a hint of amazement. "Short of yourself, that is the highest grade anyone has ever achieved right into the Master Realm. However, that is not important at the moment. His failure to kill the final Master of the Sekigahara Confederate means that you are in grave danger, for the Sekigahara Confederate has learned about your secret."

Rui's eyes narrowed. "That is not his fault. The fact that he managed to kill all but one of them is, in and of itself, extraordinary. The fact that he failed to kill one is not enough to discount his immense contributions to the Kandrian Empire. Especially when he was confronted with Martial Sages."

They quickly backed away, detecting the anger in Rui's voice. "We are not condemning him, of course. But, it is also true that your actions and his failure in that regard have led to a lot of consequences to Your Highness and, by extension, the Kandrian Empire."

Rui stared at them silently as he found it difficult to retort.

After all, their words were dead correct.

It did not take a genius to figure out the fact that he was in deep shit, and he was one, so he was able to gain a much deeper assessment of how much danger he was in.

Yet, strangely enough, he did not feel fear.

He could almost feel the bloodlust of the three Sage-level powerhouses piercing into him, threatening to kill him through the sheer pressure it put on him, but it was almost as though it had passed right through him.

He felt a deep amount of composure and calm despite his perilous and grave circumstances.

Yet, at its roots, there was not a deep confidence or certainty in his survival.

No.

It was just that the prospects of death did not seem to inspire the kind of fear that it once used to.

"Interesting…" He whispered to himself as he learned a new tidbit about himself, a small, tiny step towards the Sage Realm.

"Your Highness, the Emperor, and the Sage Council have summoned you upon your discharge." The Masters interrupted his little session of introspection. "Both of them have much to speak to you about."

Rui's gaze shifted in their direction as he lightly nodded. "I feel fine now, so I can just go visit them as I—"

"I'm afraid that I'll be the one to decide that." A familiar voice declared from behind the Masters, who parted to reveal the Divine Doctor.

"…It's a bit extravagant to put you in charge for such a trivial matter, don't you think?" Rui raised an eyebrow. "You have much more important matters to tend to."

"I beg to differ." His tone was as clinical in its lack of warmth as ever. "Did you forget? You are my stethoscope. A tool to diagnose Gaia herself."

Rui did not like the way he framed it, but it was true that Rui was to aid the Divine Doctor in his grand and crazy ambition. As for his question, Rui had indeed forgotten about it until he was reminded of it.

He didn't have time for such missions these days. Not as long as the Kandrian Empire was in the middle of a crazy existential war that would allow it to overcome the Great Limit and become the greatest nation to have ever existed.

How could he afford to frolic around the world in abandon, looking for the supposed disease plaguing a planet that was allegedly alive?

While the Divine Doctor's sheer competence and ability lent credence to his words, it was still a highly outlandish claim that Rui didn't know what to make of. "I cannot have you die or be crippled as a result of your own recklessness," he briefly commented as he began a medical check-up on Rui.

Rui shrugged lightly, complying. "I suppose it isn't the worst thing to have you as my doctor." If being of value to the Divine Doctor meant that he would get his personal attention for all medical matters, then it was worth it.

"More importantly…" Rui began. "Was it you? Were you the one who helped Sir Armstrong develop a Martial Mind?"

The guarding Master's listened with rapt attention to that question.

"It was nothing, really," his tone was one of mild interest. "He had an interesting Martial Body that allowed me to collect rare data that I would otherwise not be able to, honing and sharpening my understanding of the Martial Body. But that's about it. I taught him everything he wanted to know, which wasn't much by my standards of knowledge, but still more than one would ever find out otherwise."

Rui shrugged lightly. "You have done Kandria a great service by helping him to the Master Realm. His Martial Mind is extremely useful, you know?" n/ô/vel/b//jn dot c//om

Rui had a feeling that the Martial Union would value his training system of thought almost as much as they valued his system of thought. If he could pass on his knowledge of training and growth to the Martial Union, then all of Kandria could experience a qualitative evolution. It was a level of contribution that was on par with Rui's voidlet contributions.

-



Chapter 2261  Changes



After all, while Rui's contributions increased the affinity of Martial Artists with the Master Realm, the Gatekeeper's contributions would be a much more fundamental increment across all Realms. After all, all Realms required training, but not all Realms required thought.

Rui himself was quite intrigued by the man's Martial Mind and was curious whether he could benefit from it himself. When it came to training methodologies and things outside of his Martial Art, Rui had no qualms about mooching off of the Gatekeeper's great progress in that regard.

"…And all clear," the Divine Doctor's voice broke him out of his thought. "You're good to go. Try not to die before you help me with my patient."

He headed to leave unceremoniously.

"Wait," Rui stopped him. "How… how is Julian?"

Julian had been working under him for many years now, studying the alien specimen and regulating the manifold through it.

"Intelligent and competent," the Divine Doctor remarked lightly. "Anything else? My time is priceless."

It was quite a praise coming from the Divine Doctor himself, even if that wasn't what Rui was referring to.

"…No." He heaved a sigh, shaking his head as he watched the man nonchalantly leave the medical ward and head back to his work. He would need to check up on the orphanage village when he was done with more pressing matters. After all, he hadn't seen his family since the Kandrian Empire was declared to be in a state of national emergency, and they were evacuating to the Town of Hajin.

Of course, he had no real reason to be concerned, but that did not mean that he didn't worry about their well-being.

A national emergency and evacuation could be extremely scary for civilians.

"Lead the way," he addressed the four Masters who stood guard for him. "I would rather finish this right away than let it persist."

Unsurprisingly, it turned out he was in the medical wing of the Vargard Royal Palace. His father's office was merely a two-minute walk to his father's office.

CLACK

The enormous gates to the ostentatious office that lay within opened, revealing his father sitting at his table, studying a large number of documents scattered about his table.

"How do you feel?" he smiled, getting up and walking over. "My son."

"Just fine, Father," Rui calmly answered while his gaze shifted to many documents scattered over his table. "You look…busy."

A wry smile appeared on his father's face as the two took their seats opposite each other. "I am the Emperor. I am never not busy."

"You should take a break," Rui offered lightly. "I wouldn't want you succumbing to a heart attack of stress or something."

"That is a rather ominous thing to say," Emperor Rael's smile was one of amusement. "If I didn't know better, I would have assumed that you were threatening me in an attempt to ascend the throne and become the true ruler of the Kandrian Empire."

Rui glowered at his words. "Don't even joke about that. After everything that I've been through as a result of the Kandrian throne, just the very thought of a second throne war makes me feel nauseous and ill. In fact, I need you to ensure that I never have to get involved again. Get to having more heirs who aren't insane. I do not want to be the Final Prince anymore."

His father chuckled at his son's words, shaking his head lightly. "Well, you might get your wish soon. I have recently forged an alliance with the Kingdom of Grahal. Soon, the first princess will be arriving in the Kandrian Empire to serve her duty as a concubine of the Emperor."

His tone was matter-of-factly.

In his eyes, he was fulfilling his duty as the Emperor of Kandria to leave behind enough progeny to ensure that there was at least one worthy heir to the throne. It wasn't something that Rui was either familiar with or comfortable with. While he didn't have any parental aspirations, he didn't want to bring children into this world without being there in their lives like they deserved.

"I have learned from my mistakes in the past," his father's tone grew soft as his eyes grew introspective. "My approach to my children was…wrong. I do not intend to make the same mistakes once more. This time, I will seek to raise my children, not potential heirs to the throne."

A sorrowful smile appeared on his face. "It took me long enough to realize this, yet it was only thanks to you and the life you lived that showed me the error in my ways. You have my gratitude for that."

Rui shook his head lightly. "…I didn't do anything. I just lived my life the way I wanted to."

"And that was enough." His father spoke thoughtfully. "Enough, yet necessary."

He shook his head lightly as he put the thought away. "Regardless, that isn't the reason that I called you here. I wanted to see how you were doing and speak with my son, of course, but also to talk about more pressing and important matters. For example…"

The air grew heavier as his father's tone grew more serious. n/ô/vel/b//jn dot c//om

"The fact that our enemies now know about your ability to break Martial Artists through and the fact that they've decided to go all-out in eliminating you," Emperor Rael pulled a sheet out among the rubble of documents atop his table, putting the sheet of paper before Rui.

It was a picture of Rui with his name atop, as well as other basic details.

At the bottom, it read in a large font:

[Dead or alive: 10,000,000,000 gold coins.]

Rui's eyes widened with shock. "This…"

"A bounty." Emperor Rael calmly informed him. "The East Panamic Treaty Alliance did not even bother hiding that they were the ones to place the bounty; if anything, they have almost publicly announced it."

Rui stared at his father as if he had just spoken a foreign language. "The what alliance?"

His father heaved a soft sigh. "Sit, I'll briefly go over everything that has happened since the battle with the Sekigahara Confederate."

-



Chapter 2262  Rallying Tactics



The things that his father informed him about were stunning.

The war for allies and the founding of the East Panamic Treaty Alliance led by the Britannian Empire, the Republic of Gorteau, and the Sekigahara Confederate with the sole objective of halting the Kandrian Empire's rise.

On top of that, they had gone as far as to declare war against the Kandrian Empire's allies in East Panama.

There was no way that was more effective when it came to deterring anybody from allying with the Kandrian Empire.

"This is historic…" Rui realized. "Never before have three powerhouses formed a military alliance with the intention of harming another powerhouse."

Emperor Rael nodded with a serious expression. Yet, his eyes were calm.

"You predicted this?" Rui raised an eyebrow.

"I didn't expect the declaration of a formal alliance, but yes, this was a foreseeable outcome," Emperor Rael remarked with a knowing expression. "It was the most optimal way of ensuring that they will win the war for allies against the Kandrian Empire. While they have more Martial Sages than us, they do not have enough to have anything other than a devastating pyrrhic victory that will weaken them to the point of losing their dominant status."

Rui understood the rationale quite well. "There is no point in fighting a war against Kandria if it means that the war will destroy everything that allows these nations to stand at the top."

"Just so, in that regard, the next logical step for our enemies is to ensure that they are able to gather as much additional power as possible by borrowing it from the nations in their spheres of influence," Emperor Rael calmly added. "We will have no choice but to act."

"…You mean by garnering allies with an even greater carrot than their stick?" Rui keenly recognized his father's intentions. "Kandria is extremely attractive as an ally because of the uniquely potent gifts that we can bestow upon our rivals."

His father nodded approvingly. "That is true. We do indeed have a lot to offer. However, one thing that we need to be careful about is that we do not bleed ourselves dry just to ensure that we are able to borrow enough Martial power to combat our enemies. There is no point in giving all our gifts to win this war because we are fighting this war to protect our gifts."

Rui nodded. "At the very least, we cannot give away our bounties from the Beast Domain freely. Those are things that were painstakingly procured by our Martial Artists."

"Rest assured, I have no intention of bleeding ourselves dry for that. However, other resources can be given away without any losses on our side. For example…" He turned towards Rui with a pointed look. "Breaking some of their Martial Artists through to the Master Realm in exchange for their support in the war."

Rui heaved a sigh. "I suppose that makes sense. It's an unlimited resource, in a sense."

He did not look forward to breaking Martial Artists through, but thankfully, it was not a time-consuming process and did not interfere with his training.

"It doesn't matter what threats our enemies use," Emperor Rael remarked. "Gaining additional Masters is something that is too juicy for many nations to ignore. After all, even Sage-level powerhouses have fewer than two hundred Masters."

Rui nodded. "For Master-level nations, this reward is too good to ignore. However, Sage-level nations like the Shionel Confederation will be less attracted."

"…That is also true." Emperor Rael heaved a sigh. "We will need to make much more serious efforts to reel in Sage-level nations. However, it isn't beyond our ability."

Both of them knew that the twelve Sage-level nations of East Panama would be the most important players in the war for allies. Nôv(el)B\\jnn

They would decide who would win the war.

After all, while Masters were too powerful to be ignored, the ultimate winner would be decided by the outcome of Sage-level combat. In other words, if all twelve Sage-level nations sided with the East Panamic Treaty Alliance, the Kandrian Empire was doomed for destruction. If all twelve Sage-level nations sided with the Kandrian Empire, then it was guaranteed to break past the Great Limit eventually.

Realistically, neither of these was likely to occur.

The two sides would furiously compete for the support of these twelve Sage-level nations who had suddenly gained the privilege of deciding the victor of the third East Panamic War.

Suddenly, the eyes of the world were on these nations.

Their decisions would impact the future of East Panama and the future of all of human civilization.

"Our conditions for victory are rather straightforward, at least on paper," Emperor Rael stated . "We need to offer something that outweighs the threat of war put forth by the East Panamic Alliance, and we need to ensure that we inspire confidence in them regarding our ability to win the war. In that regard, we are at an innate disadvantage since most people would normally be more inclined to believe that three powerhouses would certainly defeat one powerhouse. Or at least, that used to be the case until about a month ago."

Rui quickly followed the implications of his father's words. "Our overwhelming victory against the Sekigahara Confederate has shattered the illusion that Kandria is only equal to our enemy powerhouses."

Emperor Rael smiled with confidence. "Indeed. Never before has the Sekigahara Confederate been so overwhelmed in a war that they waged, losing more than a hundred Masters in a single battle."

"You're welcome, by the way." "I see you're not shy in taking the credit you're owed." His father grew amused. "Regardless, I am indeed grateful to you for your actions, reckless as they were. They have made a significant impact on all those who expected a more even battle between two powerhouses."

His tone grew more serious. "Thanks to you, the image of the Kandrian Empire's formidability is rock-solid. The revelation of seven additional Sages was made in the most impactful manner possible. The world now seriously believes that the Kandrian Empire may very well win the war, just as I had hoped."

-



Chapter 2263  Avoiding Sages



One of the reasons that Emperor Rael had chosen to freely divulge the existence of the seven new Sages of the Kandrian Empire was because he needed to project power in the battle against the Sekigahara Confederate.

In this case, an open display of power was much more desirable than hidden trump cards due to the fact that he would lose the war for allies if he did not convince the Sage-level nations that the Kandrian Empire had the power to win.

After all, the choice of allying with either side was inherently risky for the Sage-level nations.

After all, what if the side they chose to ally with lost the war?

Then, they would have made an enemy of the victor and the most dominant power in East Panama.

That was a nightmare of a situation.

In other words, it didn't matter what treasures the Kandrian Empire offered them if nobody believed that it could win. Nobody wanted to make an enemy of the Britannian Empire, the Sekigahara Confederate, and the Republic of Gorteau if they were going to win the war anyway.

However, the outcome of the battle against the Sekigahara Confederate, one of the most intimidating powerhouses, was overwhelming. The Sekigahara Confederate was bullied and pushed back and deeply wounded and scarred. n/o/vel/b//in dot c//om

Although nobody said it aloud, just the fact that the three Sage-level powerhouses felt the need to go as far as creating an alliance and making threats against all those who allied with the Kandrian Empire was proof that the Kandrian Empire was a serious threat to them even if they allied.

Then, the addition of the fact that the Esocline Federation had also allied with the Kandrian Empire to keep the Sekigahara Confederate in check and cripple their net war potential gave them more confidence that the Kandrian Empire truly had what it took.

On top of that, there was the heavy reputation of the Emperor of Harmony, who had led the Kandrian Empire to victory and greatness in spite of such hurdles. He was a man who was widely regarded as one of the greatest rulers of the Age of Martial Art. If anyone could lead Kandria to victory in these circumstances, it was him. People would have been much less inclined to trust the Kandrian Empire's odds of victory if it had been one of his heirs sitting on the throne.

"Now, we just need to win over their support with sweet offers of breakthroughs now that the second phase of the third Great East Panamic War has begun," Emperor Rael lightly remarked. "If we can do that, we can achieve the conditions for victory."

"Second phase, huh?" Rui raised an eyebrow. "That must be a record for how quickly a phase of war has ever been completed."

"Certainly, although my plans had fully taken into account a quick transition to the second phase of the war, I had expected that it would take much longer. I had predicted that it would most likely take half a year to transition to the next phase of the war, after a gradual escalation in conflict until it reached Sage-level conflict, which would then mark the beginning of the war with allies once it became clear that they could not destroy the Kandrian Empire by themselves."

"However, I'm guessing the lunatic aggression of the Sekigahara Confederate caused the escalation to accelerate, prompting an early transition to the second phase," Rui hazarded an educated guess. "Yes, it has its pros and cons. On the one hand, an early transition meant that we could avoid the grueling losses that would have wounded both sides. On the other hand, we also missed the years of training time inside the manifold during this period." His father sighed. "Ultimately, it is what it is. It is time for me to focus on winning over the Sage-level nations. I intend to begin negotiations with them with an important figure from the Kandrian Empire to convey how serious we are about this alliance. An important figure like…"

He turned to Rui.

Rui immediately frowned. "I thought I told you I want no part in politics. I only wish to participate in this war as a Martial Artist, not a politician."

"I have not forgotten. But this is a role that Martial Artists sometimes undertake for the same reason that you were chosen as a representative for the G'ak'arkan Tribe endeavor by the Martial Union, and given that your services will also be what we're offering, it may be worth considering. On top of that, you will also be burdened with the duty to protect them from attacks from the East Panamic Treaty Alliance."

Rui raised an eyebrow. "You're willing to deploy me outside of the nation for missions in spite of the danger that it will pose to me?"

Emperor Rael smiled. "Well, if things went my way, I would rather you never left Kandria and spent your time around a Martial Sage the entire time. But I know that you will not accept such arrangements and will insist on fighting despite the dangers that you face."

Rui shrugged at his father's words.

He was entirely right, of course. Nothing could stop Rui from fighting on the front lines.

Emperor Rael heaved a soft sigh. "I won't ask you to stop. You are intelligent enough to comprehend the full consequences of your actions. Thus, if you are determined to fight, you may do so."

Rui was glad that his father knew better than to try to stop him from partaking in the war. He had mixed feelings about serving as an ambassador for the Kandrian Empire, but he liked the idea of fighting other Martial Masters to protect the allies of the Kandrian Empire.

"I'll think about it." Rui shrugged. "I have many considerations to make."

He would rather go for the choice that would expose him to as much life-threatening Master-level combat as possible but not to Sages who had been dispatched to kill him.

The issue was that the East Panamic Treaty Alliance would very much like to kill him, no matter the expenses of such an operation. He found himself in a tough spot.

"How do I avoid enemy Sages but not enemy Masters…?"

-



Chapter 2264  Possible Deployments

2264  Possible Deployments

"There are many ways to accomplish that," Emperor Rael answered his question lightly. "For one, you can serve as an ambassador for Master-level nations. The East Panamic Treaty Alliance will not waste most of its time sending any Martial Sages to Master-level nations as opposed to Sage-level nations that choose to ally with us, for example. On the flip side, the quality of enemy Masters deployed to these nations will be lower, for example." n/ô/vel/b//jn dot c//om

Rui fell into thought.

In other words, as long as he went to Master-level allied nations, he would be facing off weaker Masters.

Masters who he would most likely be able to handle and dominate in combat.

"I mean, if they want to kill me so badly, they can just send a Martial Sage to target me instead of the ally that I'm protecting. Ironically, because of how many people want to kill me, I'm more of a liability than an asset when it comes to protecting nations."

Rui found it amusing rather than disturbing.

Though, he would be displeased if he couldn't get into good battles that could serve as experience.

"There are ways to handle those issues as well," Emperor Rael calmly remarked as he read through a bunch of reports. "For example, we can arm you with a rare artifact that can instantaneously transport you back to the Kandrian Empire when activated and publicly announce the news."

Rui's eyes lit up with interest. "Such a thing exists?"

"The esoteric substance used to create the artifact is extremely rare, non-renewable, and can only be found in the Beast Domain, but…" A hint of smugness could be detected in his father's voice. "That is no longer an impediment to the Kandrian Empire, thanks to the Elder Tree's intel."

"Ah, I suppose your plan is to hand me such an artifact and publicize the news." Rui realized his intentions. "Doing so will make it unattractive to deploy a Martial Sage to assassinate me, because we also have my grandmother, who needs only to warn me ahead of time if they do decide to deploy any Martial Sage. The Martial Sage will have been deployed in futility because they won't ever be able to kill me."

"Correct, you have quickly understood the plan I had in mind." His father nodded. "Prime Minister Edward is not a fool. He won't deploy Martial Sages if there's a high chance the operation will be futile. At this crucial stage of the war, Martial Sages will be deployed only where their impact on the war can be guaranteed."

His father's plan was practical and a good way to keep their enemies from deploying Sages to hunt Rui.

"However, they have enough of an understanding of your profile to know that you won't back away from a war against Martial Masters. So there's a good chance that they'll be able to have you remain as long as they don't push their attempts to kill you," his father quickly offered his judgment.

"If that's the case, then it also does not matter which allied nation or potential ally I go to. The level of conflict that I will invite upon myself will be the same due to how much the East Panamic Treaty Alliance wants to kill me," Rui realized. "In other words, I'm bound to face an immense amount of pressure no matter where I go the moment I step outside of the Kandrian Empire."

"I suppose that is also true," Emperor Rael mused. "If that's the case, you might want to be deployed to allies or potential allies where you would face a high level of pressure anyway due to their strategic importance."

Rui stirred at his father's words.

Now that the war for allies had begun, Rui had several options on how he wanted to participate in it, and he wanted to make use of the opportunity to face off against as many Masters as possible.

It wasn't going to be easy to make a choice under these conditions.

"I'll need to give it a lot of thought."

His father nodded. "Be sure to make sure you've considered all the choices at your disposal. And remember the consequences of any choice you make."

Rui nodded. "I won't forget."

It wasn't long before he left his father's office, leaving him to work on his own devices. He still had a meeting with the Sage Council of the Martial Union. He was sure that the Martial Sages had plenty to speak to him about after the recent battle with the Sekigahara Confederate.

Now that his secret of breakthroughs had come out, it was best if they collectively dealt with the local consequences of the breakthrough requests and commissions for Rui that had flooded the Martial Union.

After all, one of the primary functions of the Martial Union was to serve as a broker between Martial Artists and the consumer market in a highly efficient and effective manner to ensure that the supply was optimally matched to demand.

The Martial Union needed a clear stance from Rui on how to deal with the skyrocketing demand that they had undoubtedly been bombarded with since the Sekigahara Confederate learned and disseminated the intel about his breakthrough abilities.

There were countless powers inside and outside the Kandrian Empire that wanted him to break their Squires or Seniors through to a higher Realm, or break their children through to the Apprentice Realm.

Until Rui made his stance clear and ensured that there was a system to enforce his stance, there would only be chaos.

"What a pain in the ass…" He heaved a sigh as he headed to the Martial Union headquarters in Vargard. "Why can't people just leave me alone? Or just fight me."

Either option worked for him.

The latter certainly wasn't going to be an issue even if he didn't leave the Kandrian Empire. Ten billion gold coins were almost an order of magnitude higher than the highest bid for assassination commissions.

He welcomed their attempts.





Chapter 2265  Much To Discuss



As Rui left the Royal Palace of Vargard, he could not help but direct his gaze to the town around him that stretched as far as the eye could see. The town of Vargard was the capital of the Kandrian Empire and was one that was worthy of its status with its illustrious streets and well-adorned buildings that gave the entire town a vibe of power and glory.

Yet, when Rui spread his senses across the entire town, he couldn't help but notice that it was muted in its energy that particular day. The streets were more silent than he was accustomed to while the air tingled.

"I suppose civilians found the evacuation to be more stressful than expected," Rui lightly observed. "It's been a month, and the effects of the battle with the Sekigahara Confederate still linger in the air."

It didn't even matter that they had won that battle.

Just the prospect of being at war put many people in a tense state.

Not without reason, of course.

Anything could happen in the war, and the fact that they had picked a war with three opponents weighed down on people.

As Rui ascended in elevation, he could feel the mixed emotions of the people of the town. The victory had been positive, but there appeared to be a constant anxiety that everything could go wrong in the background.

He heaved a sigh as he headed about his way to the headquarters of the Martial Union. There was nothing he could do to help the mood of the people aside from continuously ensuring that he supplied them with victories in war.

As long as the Kandrian Empire continued informing its citizens about the successes it made in defending itself and pushing back against those who sought to destroy it, they should eventually get used to the state of war the nation was in.

Eventually, he arrived at the Martial Union headquarters in Vargard.

He noticed the changes immediately.

"Move out of the way!"

"I must make a commission today!"

"How much longer is this going to take?!"

As large as the headquarters were, they were flooded with people entering and exiting the massive estate. Never before had he ever seen such a rush at the location. The Martial Union had experienced a little bit of a spike in demand recently—the number of people who wanted to commission Martial Artists for certain services was large. Whether it was to hire some bodyguards for safety or a security detail for a convoy, the number of people who required Martial security was huge.

The war had very much become something that was no longer limited to merely the upper echelons of humanity; even the average person had come to learn the sheer scale and intensity of the third Great East Panamic War.

It was no wonder that many of the middle class and above increased their reliance on Martial Artists for security.

After all, the situation outside of the Kandrian Empire was quite grave. A lot of businessmen who frequently traveled outside of the nation most certainly required Martial security.

The sudden spike in demand for Martial Artists would normally cause inflation in the price of Martial services but that was actually offset by the increase in the supply of Martial Artists in all Realms due to the flood of breakthroughs.

Thus, Martial services remained relatively stable and affordable in their prices, which allowed many people to actually go through with their decision to acquire some Martial protection anywhere outside the Kandrian Empire.

STEP Rui landed before the VIP entrance, entirely avoiding the rush to enter the Martial Union through the conventional entrance.

"Wait, is that…?"

"It's the Void Prince…!"

"I can't believe we get to see him in the flesh!"

Rui ignored the cooing and cawing as he made his way past the entrance of the Martial Union, heading deeper into the massive infrastructure of the Union Headquarters.

An air of urgency had taken over the staff and employees of the union, so much so that many of them were too busy to be observing the protocol of bowing to a Martial Artist of the Upper Realms when they saw one. Not that Rui was vain enough to point that out.

He made his way deeper and deeper, past the point where outsiders and ordinary employees were prohibited from entering.

STEP

He found himself before enormous gates.

He could sense the overwhelming power and weight of the Sage Realm past them. n/ô/vel/b//jn dot c//om

The Martial Sages awaited him.

CLACK

The gates opened to reveal several Sages and Masters seated at a table, immediately glancing at him when the doors opened.

"You've come just in time," Sage Roschem, the Flashing Flier, calmly declared. "Come, have a seat. We have much to discuss."

This was one of the Sages who hadn't been present in the Kandrian Empire during the battle with the Sekigahara Confederate, having been deployed to the Beast Domain on a bit of a long-term mission.

"Thank you, Your Sagehood." Rui took a seat near Master Sera and a few other prominent and powerful Masters, glancing at the Sages present at the table.

He earned a regarding gaze from his grandmother, a curt nod from the Sloth Sage, and a few others with whom he had a little bit of personal rapport.

Some of the others were new Sages who had been a part of the Martial Union meetings for the first time. Evidently, the other Martial Sages of the Martial Union were trying to involve them with Union matters so that the organization did not feel alien to them. It was better that they find their place in the Union so that they fully integrate into the Kandrian Empire.

"Now then, with the arrival of the Void Prince, we can address the matters that we have all been concerned about," the Flashing Flier calmly remarked. "Our biggest priority is figuring out how to deal with the leaked intel about his capabilities and how the Martial Union is to address the flux of commissions centered around it."

-



Chapter 2266  Reluctant Acquiscal



"Of course, having said that," the Flashing Flier continued, turning to him, "the Martial Union will go naturally with whatever decision you make. What we require is clarity."

Rui understood what he sought from him.

He was essentially hoping that Rui would get rid of all the pressure that the Martial Union was experiencing due to him. Many people sought to try to procure Rui's services from them via a commission, even though it wasn't clear that Rui was willing to entertain most of them.

"This is a simple matter." Rui heaved a sigh. "I simply do not care to undertake all these commissions for my breakthrough ability. I think that is a straightforward manner of addressing this issue if you ask me, and it will instantly get rid of all the pressure that we are experiencing."

The others around the table simply stared at him.

Technically, he was right.

Simply refusing these commissions was the best way to get rid of the pressure the Martial Union was facing. All the Martial Union needed to do was publish an announcement that stated it would not be accepting commissions directed towards Rui for breakthroughs, and that would cause the flood of demand for his ability to subside.

However, they did not need to state the obvious. It was also the most unpleasant outcome for all the people of the Martial Union. It would be the Martial Union that suffered the loss in reputation for his decisions.

"It's inevitable, but as long as you nip it in the bud, it will be as painless as possible," Rui calmly stated. "Regardless, this isn't something that will be too damaging."

"I don't think you understand how much pressure the Martial Union is under." Sage Roschem heaved a soft sigh. "The news that you can trigger the breakthrough to three Realms has already spread through much of humanity. There are many extremely powerful people who seek a breakthrough from you from within and outside East Panama. Many of these powerful people are among our largest benefactors and patrons who have supported the Martial Union with the expectation and promise that they will receive leeway whenever such developments in Martial Art occur."

Rui's eyes narrowed as he understood why the Martial Union was trying to pressure him into reconsidering his stance of absolutely no compromise. It was extremely unwilling to piss off some of its biggest clients internationally. These were individuals who possessed an unfathomable amount of capital and power and who had supported the Martial Union for decades, if not centuries, as a form of investment.

The Martial Union was very reluctant to provoke these patrons with a blatant rejection.

"We have had not only individuals who are extremely powerful and have been extremely supportive of the Martial Union in the past but also members of other Sage-level powerhouses who also seek to obtain a breakthrough from you," one Master told him. "For example, the crown princess of the Solaris Empire has approached us with a commission for your services. The Namgun Dynasty has sought your services for one of their heirs, and even the Blood Cult has also approached us from the other side of the continent."

Rui heaved a tired sigh as he fell into thought.

As much as he would love to say no, he needed to deeply consider whether it was worth the consequences.

Unlike the others, he was able to extrapolate the outcomes much deeper into the future and evaluate exactly whether it would come to bite him in the ass a year, ten years, or even a century down the line.

Unfortunately, his modeling and calculations told him that it did not bode well for the Kandrian Empire and, by extension, himself if he refused all of them without any consideration.

For one, if the war escalated even further beyond merely the second phase and began dragging in other Sage-level powerhouses into the battle, there would be many forces that would remember his rude refusal of their requests and would be more inclined to side with the East Panamic Treaty Alliance.

On top of that, his refusal was also a message to the rest of the world that he was unwilling to trade it even to the foremost of patrons and beneficiaries. Given that he was the most prominent prince of the Kandrian Empire, it would be interpreted as the stance of his father and the Empire at large.

With such a stubborn and insular attitude, there was a much higher chance that hostilities between the Kandrian Empire and powers beyond East Panama would erupt. Even if it did not erupt into a full-scale war, the sheer unwillingness to even trade would make these nations more inclined to contribute to the downfall of the Empire, lest it monopolize such a treasure to itself.

This, of course, negatively affected him as he was deeply connected with the state.

Finally, Rui was also keenly aware of the fact that he had caused this by choosing to bare his ability in front of the Sekigahara Confederate. If this had been leaked due to the Martial Union's incompetence or any other party's shortcomings, he would not have been as considerate of their circumstances. "I'm not absolutely opposed to accepting commissions, but…" he began. "I cannot accept more than a very small number. Any more, and it will exceed the limit I set for myself. I cannot let these impede my life or my training and growth. On top of that, may I remind you that we are in the middle of a war. Our Martial Artists take precedence over foreign Martial Artists. Thus, I will only accept commercial commissions as long as there aren't any Seniors ready to break through to the Master Realm. It isn't like all the people making commissions will deploy their newly broken-through Martial Artists into our war to defend Kandria. This is my first and final compromise. I will not go one inch further than this. Need I remind you that I also have to deal with the breakthroughs that my father will be leveraging to win allies to win the war?"

-n/o/vel/b//in dot c//om



Chapter 2267  Limited Clientele



His father's attempt to leverage his breakthrough ability to rally allies and the Martial Union's desire not to anger the many powers and forces across humanity pressuring them revealed just how valuable the ability to trigger breakthroughs artificially was.

Of course, he had always known that it was revolutionary.

However, now that he was tangibly able to get a taste of just how valuable it was, it reaffirmed how difficult it was to execute. He bet that the Panamic Martial Federation deeply regretted ever trying to charge him with anything for the damages he had done. Compared to the value of the ability to trigger breakthroughs at will, the losses his Sun technique had caused them were microscopic.

In his Flowing Void Style, he had the ability to revolutionize Martial Art forever. He could ensure that human civilization eventually grew to be qualitatively superior by orders of magnitude than it would be otherwise without his intervention.

It was hardly any wonder that even the highest echelons of humanity sought his ability. n/o/vel/b//in dot c//om

His compromise gave some relief to the Martial Sages and Masters who led the Union. Although it wasn't the best outcome, it was still far better than an absolute refusal.

"I didn't think that the Sage and Master Council cared so much about its perceptions internationally." Rui raised an eyebrow. "I'm the only one with real political experience here, and I don't care about it. We're Martial Artists, are we not? The Martial Union exists to serve Martial Artists, not the other way around."

"…That does sound like someone who hasn't witnessed the creation of the Martial Union or the earlier centuries of the Age of Martial Art." Sage Roschem shook his head lightly. "The organization is important for concretely unifying Martial Artists in our nation and ensuring that the dominance of Martial Art remains while ensuring that the power of Martial Artists grows. If the organization is weak, it weakens the influence and power of Martial Artists. Without it, we are much more vulnerable as a disorganized and disunited class. Each and every one of us has benefited from it in many ways. Thus, we ought to ensure that we contribute to the organization with the ability to pay our debts away. Though, in your case…"

He huffed with a hint of incredulity. "…it is the other way around."

"I'm glad the Martial Union recognizes that." Rui snorted but limited himself to that.

He didn't mind bolstering the Martial Union as long as it wasn't inconvenient. After all, it was true that the Martial Union was vital to the growth and dominance of Martial Art. It was responsible for everything from massive budgets and resources allocated to Martial R&D to immense investment into nurturing new Martial Artists in the form of sixteen elite Martial Academies. On top of that, it had a highly robust and efficient bureaucracy that ensured each commission was extensively vetted and thoroughly tagged and classified to ensure that each Martial Artist could find exactly the kind of open commission that was perfect for their abilities and gave them the most meaningful experience and growth.

It was indeed important.

"I don't like being shackled by it, though," Rui made his stance clear. "And, as pointed out, the Martial Union is indebted to me. In consideration of the sensitive situation we are in, the most crucial parts of the war, I will not refuse, but otherwise, I do not wish to be bothered by anything else in the future."

There was nothing that any of them could say to that. Rui had already contributed too much and had too much power and influence within the Kandrian Empire. He essentially had the voice of a Martial Sage as a Master.

"That is something that we are amenable to." Sage Roschem nodded. "What is the number of commissions you are willing to undertake, precisely? And what, if any, preferences do you have for the clients who seek your services?"

Those were a little harder to answer, leaving Rui deep in thought.

"…I have made up my mind on exactly what role I'll be undertaking in this second phase of the war, having just spoken to my father about it," Rui began. "I cannot say how many commissions I'll accept immediately, but as for my preferences, I suppose that would most certainly be clients who are able and willing to help us with the war. I don't care for anything else because Kandria is already powerful and bountiful enough to get me anything I please. But overcoming this war is difficult and our single greatest priority. I don't care what form it takes, but anybody who can help us win the war without unacceptable caveats is the criteria I'll set."

It was precisely because the Kandrian Empire of the future would be able to give him pretty much anything he needed or desired that he was especially determined to do everything in his power to ensure that that future could be attained.

"One more thing." A Master drew his attention. "We have identified Master assassins who have tried entering the Kandrian Empire for obvious reasons. I would strongly recommend that you travel with a protective detail of Masters to ensure that no har—"

"No need." A smile cracked at the edge of Rui's mouth. "I look forward to their attempts."

His words evoked a frown from those at the table. "That is dangerous and risky."

"I can handle it," Rui reassured them. "I look forward to it. I would love to gain some experience with Masters by fighting assassins."

"You are undoubtedly a powerful Master, but assassins are able to overcome differences in grade by virtue of their preparations and the element of surprise. All it takes is a single moment of being caught off-guard, and you could lose your life."

Rui knew that their arguments were valid and sound, but he did not heed them nonetheless. He possessed a measure of confidence in his survival and looked forward to testing himself against those who sought to kill him.

-



Chapter 2268  Propensity For Risk



The Masters and Sages who gazed at him heaved a sigh and left him be. As a Martial Artist of the Upper Realms, he wasn't to be coddled anymore. Thus, while they were concerned for him, they knew that he knew the consequences of all his choices, and that was enough.

He was hardly the first Martial Artist to take risks of this kind, and he had a penchant for making extreme decisions like this every once in a while. n/ô/vel/b//jn dot c//om

What they had to admit was the fact that it seemed to pay off, considering his rate of growth and progress. If this was what it took, then perhaps he was an argument for the Martial Union to propagate a more risk-oriented Martial philosophy.

Of course, it was hardly the main cause for his rate of growth. "At the very least, I would advise you to be open to gathering intel on your assassins," one Master suggested. "Of course, we will gladly deploy our intelligence department to gather all relevant details about the assassins that have moved, according to our intelligence, to kill you and claim the bounty on your head."

Rui stirred at his recommendation.

It wasn't a bad idea to be informed about the kind of assassins and bounty hunters that would be trying to kill him, especially when they would undoubtedly gather as much intel on him if they were competent.

While it would have been more challenging if he had faced them without any knowledge, it was only fair that he knew who they were. Furthermore, at the Master Realm, Martial Artists had already cultivated some kind of name for themselves. Thus, it was actually quite often that random battles occurred between those who had some measure of knowledge of them.

"That's fine." Rui nodded. "I'm curious to know what kind of people have looked at my profile and mustered up the courage to kill me despite knowing who I am."

He was a Royal Prince and the platinum boy of the Martial Union, after all. The consequences of killing him or even trying to were dire for any individual.

Death would be a mercy compared to the fate that awaited those who dared to try assassinating him.

Not only were the consequences high, but the probability of them being incurred was high, as the Kandrian Empire's and the Martial Union's investigative ability as it stood now was immense.

To get away with his assassination was extremely difficult as there were many resources that would be dedicated to finding the culprit and bringing them back alive.

Perhaps, in the Master Realm, the only one he wouldn't put it past was Master Reina, but even for her, successfully killing him and getting away with it was probably harder than any other assassination she had undertaken.

In other words, he didn't think that it was possible for his assassination to be a perfect success, especially if he had intel ahead of time and was prepared for it, which he certainly was.

They couldn't afford any long-term fight with him because it would be detected, and they would get caught.

This was the same reason that Prince Ranea, Randal, Rafia, and Raemina had decided against contracting a Master-level assassin, among other reasons. The assassin would be caught, and they would be interrogated, which would undoubtedly reveal that the four royals hired them.

In other words, if someone tried to kill him, it needed to end almost instantaneously and without any fuss. Else, they were screwed and doomed. Because he had received a theoretical foundation in assassination theory from Master Reina, he could even predict their thought process, and that was something that worked in his favor.

In this particular circumstance, he could be certain that they would attempt an indirect assassination. If they could poison him, they could get away with killing him without any of the energy signatures of Masters getting broadcasted and drawing too much attention as a result.

They didn't even need to be there when he died.

That would be the most risk-free and ideal way of killing him. Unfortunately, now that Rui knew that, he was not going to fall for it so easily.

For one, this was one of the easier ways to kill Martial Masters in general, for their Martial Minds did not give them poison resistance. Thus, it made no difference in this Realm.

In that case, perhaps he would face a poison-oriented Master.

The possibilities were quite interesting.

"Please avoid such stunts when we have an ongoing war, young man." Sage Roschem heaved a tired sigh. "Much is riding on you. You play an important role in many ways and it isn't something that can be replaced easily. In fact, even after the war, if you die, the entire nation will be disrupted because you're the only one who can employ your breakthrough triggering ability."

Rui stirred at the earnest request from the Martial Sage.

It was true that the Kandrian Empire had become overdependent on him in several regards. It was annoying when he was guilt-tripped like this with that fact because he did care for the nation itself and wasn't pleased when it suffered harm. But to what extent?

Was he supposed to forsake his way of life and give up on his personal ambition?

It was an unreasonable demand that would never be made of any other Martial Artist. However, because his well-being and status had deep impacts on the Kandrian Empire…

"…In that case, perhaps I should strive to ensure that my state does not affect the Kandrian Empire negatively," he voiced his thoughts aloud.

The others in the room frowned at his words. It was hard to imagine how such a thing was possible.

If for no other reason than the fact that he was the only one who could artificially trigger breakthroughs.

"There are things that only you can do." One of the Masters heaved a sigh. "Until then, naturally, the Kandrian Empire will have a much greater stake in your condition and location."

"…In that case, perhaps I should consider passing on my ability to breakthrough after this war is done," Rui nonchalantly remarked.

-



Chapter 2269: Disrupted Supply Chains

﻿

Both the Martial Union and his father would be more than pleased at that outcome, he was sure. On top of that, he would be unshackled and would be allowed to live life as he pleased without a nation constantly hankering over his condition.Nôv(el)B\\jnn

Unfortunately, Rui's Martial Mind was extremely difficult to pass on to others. After all, his systems of thought were the most mind intensive systems of thought that anyone had ever seen. It was effectively impossible for him to pass on his breakthrough ability to other Martial Artists.

"... Perhaps I should try creating a training methodology that utilizes the VOID algorithm and turns it into something that doesn't need the active control of a Martial Artist." He fell into thought before the others.

The issue was that something like this took too much time.

He didn't have the time or the patience to spend on realizing this project.

"Oh well, Kandria will have to suck it up." He just shrugged. "I have already done enough and more for the nation. It will be fine with one less treasure. I'm sure that once the war is over, it will still be the strongest and continue growing much faster than all other powerhouses even without me."

The Masters and Sages couldn't deny that, nor could they pressure him into reconsidering.

It was best to put the matter away for now.

"...With that out of the way, there are still other matters that need to be discussed," Sage Roschem remarked with a calm expression. "The Martial Union has gained a surge of Martial Artists in recent times. Many Squires and Seniors in particular have immigrated to the Kandrian Empire in particular. The reason, of course, is the various treasures that are highly conducive to the growth of Martial Artists."

Rui wasn't surprised at this.

There were plenty of Martial Artists from underdeveloped regions and nations in the world who left their homes to head out to Master-level or potentially even Sage-level nations due to better resources and an opportunity to grow far stronger than they would otherwise be able to.

One of the reasons that Sage-level powerhouse nations were so superior to other nations was because this phenomenon effectively functioned like the Martial equivalent of brain drain. The Sage-level powerhouses had been receiving a steady influx of the best talent and the most number of Martial Artists, allowing this advantage to snowball into a huge gap between the powerhouses and other nations.

And now, Kandria was en route to reaching an even higher tier of military and Martial power.

Thus, naturally, one would expect many hopeful younger Martial Artists to head towards Kandria with the intention of riding this potential opportunity for glory when it was in the early days.

"The issue, however, is that it's starting to exceed our capacity to accommodate," one Master remarked. "As the Martial Union of Kandria, we have a reputation of being amongst the best places for a Martial Artist to grow and develop. It is why we attract and retain so many Martial Artists in our organization. However, according to our analysts, very soon, the influx will overwhelm our infrastructural constraints."

An assistant distributed a set of reports that showed a spike in the number of Martial Artists applying for immigration and looking to apply for partnership and membership in the Martial Union, versus the availability of resources.

"In other words, the current Martial Union establishment is unequipped to take in all these Martial Artists..." Rui raised an eyebrow. "Then, why not just build more infrastructure to support all these incoming Martial Artists?"

"...It takes a lot of resources to expand the Martial Union's infrastructure, not to mention time. The current capacity of the Martial Union was built over centuries, you know?" one Master huffed. "According to our analysts, we do not have the resources to expand so aggressively."

"What about the influx of material resources from the Beast Domain?" Another Martial Master raised an eyebrow.

"...I'm guessing that while it's useful, it doesn't solve the problem," Rui remarked. "The resources extracted from the Martial Union are high-grade, they tend to be Master-level, Sage-level, and Transcendent resources. In other words, they're extremely high in quality, but not so much in sheer quantity. What we need is a large amount of lower-grade substances. It isn't as though those Martial Artists can lug home an entire mine on their shoulders." "That is what our analysts have realized as well." A Martial Sage nodded. "In other words, we may be overburdened with Martial Artists in the coming months and years."

Rui fell into thought. "...Then why not just trade with nations and corporations that do have the resources that you're looking for?"

"Our logistics department has indeed tried, but to little avail. Under ordinary circumstances, it would have been no problem but..."

"...The war," Rui realized. "It's made many mining and supply chains terrified of supporting us in fear of being decimated by the East Panamic Treaty Alliance."

While the Kandrian Empire had certainly proven to be quite powerful and formidable with its thorough beat-back and partial decimation of the Sekigahara Confederate's attack, many suppliers simply did not want to risk it. Unlike nations, they could not afford to even take a risk because three powerhouses represent more business than the Kandrian Empire did by itself.

Yes, perhaps the Kandrian Empire could win, but until they actually won, many corporations simply avoided the risks and dangers associated with the Kandrian Empire at this point in time.

No one could necessarily fault them either. Being sensitive to risk and danger was something that was required for a business to thrive. Such a thing was more the norm than uncommon, so the business sector was confident that it wouldn't suffer backlash for this decision.

"...Which means that we're stuck for a shortage until we can find a willing supplier?" Rui narrowed his eyes. "Or win the war. I suppose we can try to offer highly lucrative deals to them, but..."

The broader issue was that it signified that the risk factor and the consequences of siding against the Kandrian Empire was greater than siding with the Kandrian Empire.

"...I suppose I'll need to change that."



