Chapter 2330: Averted Death

﻿

Soon enough, Rui's preparations had come to an end.

It didn't take him too long to absorb the data in the information package that his father had presented to him. With the Mind Palace technique, memorizing it was easy. Fully

understanding, assimilating, and applying that knowledge only took days.Nôv(el)B\\jnn

"I'm glad to hear that you're finally ready," his father remarked from atop his throne. "Are you confident in your ability to fulfill this mission?"

"I am, father." Rui's tone was one of certainty. "I will ensure that the Shionel Confederation will ally with the Kandrian Empire."

"Good," Emperor Rael calmly replied. "Now then, as Emperor, I hereby authorize you to be a Royal Ambassador of the Kandrian Empire."

As he finished his words, a Royal Maid appeared before him, carrying a gold and silver tray upon which rested an amulet bearing the insignia of the Kandrian Empire.

"With this, you have the full authority to represent the Kandrian Empire as if you were emperor yourself. Only I have the authority to revoke your words," his father explained. "However, I do not believe that there will ever come a need for me to do so. I believe you understand your mission well enough to know what you can or can't get away with."

Rui gazed at the beautiful artifact that lay on the tray.

"I humbly accept."

He picked up the amulet before a frown appeared on his face. "This..."

His father smiled. "It appears that you have noticed."

"I sense some powerful esoteric substances within it." Rui's eyes lit up with realization. "Ah, I see. This must be what you told me about."

His father nodded. "It is indeed the instantaneous transportation artifact that I told you about. Destroy the amulet with physical force, and it will transport you to a secure location in the Kandrian Empire."

Rui nodded as he studied the artifact with curiosity. "I will keep it with me at all times."

"We have leaked information of this artifact to our enemies, as planned," his father continued. "Now attacking you is useless, as you are able to instantaneously escape. Your grandmother foresees that you will not be attacked by Martial Sages."

It was at times like this that the Silas Clan's power was indispensable.

The sheer impact on the strategic outlook that they could provide by peering into the future was truly extraordinary.

Rui smiled. "But she does foresee that I will be attacked by Masters, right?"

"She does."

"And what does she foresee of my mission?"

His father shook his head. "That is not for you to know, only me."

Rui tutted but didn't argue.

His father had strategic considerations that could be disrupted by additional complications if Rui turned out to know and acted differently than he would have otherwise, causing the future to veer off unpredictably.

In fact, Rui could make more deductions and inferences from the way that his father spoke about the transportation artifact.

"...If I had to guess, Grandmother foresaw my death on this mission a few months ago, didn't she?" Rui narrowed his eyes.

His father, to his credit, didn't so much as twitch at Rui's words.

"It is odd that you proposed the transportation artifact as your first idea," Rui remarked. "If I had to infer from the information at hand, you consulted her about the outcome of the mission, and only after she told you that I would die did you come up with the transportation artifact. You must have gone ahead with the plan after she confirmed that the future was altered thanks to the presence of the artifact."

His father smiled. "Correct. I didn't think you would catch on that quickly. The transportation artifact, indeed, was not a part of my original plan. I had been worried about your safety and consulted her to gain some insights, only to discover that, indeed, you would die. It was only after I added this element to the plan that she informed me that death was no longer part of your future."

In other words, the deterrence of the transportation artifact was indeed the primary reason that he would not die in his mission to make an ally of the Shionel Confederation. "Additionally, Sage Damian, Sage Roschem, and Sage Glacken will accompany you as your bodyguards."

Rui frowned. "...Seriously?"

Emperor Rael heaved a sigh. "The Shionel Confederation is the most powerful Sage-level nation among the nations that haven't decided their affiliation. In other words, if you succeed in befriending the Shionel Confederation, our enemies will instantly dispatch extremely powerful Sages to attack the Shionel Confederation. Do you want to be caught off-guard by the consequences of your own success if you happen to succeed?"

Rui stirred at his father's words. "...Fine."

He didn't strictly mind being protected by Sages. Still, it made him feel less like he was on an adventure.

However, he understood the rationale.

It made sense.

He was an extremely important asset to the Kandrian Empire, and his life was beyond invaluable; he was one of the treasures of the Kandrian Empire that would raise it to greater

heights.

"This is great and all, but when the time comes, I'm fighting off the Master-level force myself."

He refused to be babysat in the battlefield; he would much rather scrap the whole mission if he couldn't fight against the strongest Masters that the enemy alliance had to offer. Emperor Rael nodded. "That is your prerogative. It is no secret to you that I would rather not have you anywhere near the battlefield, given how important you are to the Kandrian Empire. However, your will is more important. Furthermore, as it was in the battle against the Sekigahara Confederate, containing the Master-level forces will be just as important as containing the Sages. This is especially so because the Shionel Confederation is much smaller than the Kandrian Empire. If a single Master enters the territory, they can wreak havoc within

it."

Rui's demeanor grew serious. "I will make sure that I protect the Shionel Confederation

should I befriend it."

"Good, now go. The time has come."



Chapter 2331: Forgotten Consequences



Prime Minister Edward heaved a deep breath as he wiped the sweat off his forehead.

He hadn't been doing well the past few months.

He couldn't sleep, his appetite was poor, and he had begun developing a series of health problems inexplicably.

Not even the doctors could find out what was wrong with him despite the developed medicine sector of the Britannian Empire. Nobody could even identify what ailed him.

The worst of it all was that he couldn't help but feel something was immensely wrong. Not physically, no.

But mentally.

"…I feel like someone carved away a piece of my brain."

It was difficult to describe what that felt like and what that even meant.

He had never had a piece of his brain carved away. How would he know what it felt like?

Yet, he was certain of what he experienced.

It felt like he had been lobotomized so much that he couldn't even remember being lobotomized.

He felt like a chunk of his mind was missing.

A chunk of his memories.

It drove him insane.

He had begun developing signs of rapid onset mental disorders like ADHD and others of its ilk spontaneously due to what felt like a missing piece of his memories and experience.

"Is it Rael?" he asked himself, narrowing his eyes. "But why wouldn't he just kill me if he could do something like this?"

He didn't know.

He didn't understand, and certainly nobody around him could either.

He didn't know what had happened, but he knew that something extreme had been done to him.

Something that shouldn't have happened.

Regardless, he had tried and tried and was unable to find a solution to the problem. Thus, he had decided to just cope with the issue and best discharge his duties despite it. Much to the surprise of everyone around him, he still executed his duties to the T without so much as even the slightest failure despite his condition.

And today, he was here to prove that. CLACK

The massive gates before him opened, and he found himself gazing at five figures sitting across a massive table.

Five forces of nature.

It was as though the very world warped asunder beneath the weight of their existence.

It was as though heaven and earth bent around them.

They were garbed in ostentatious and militaristic Martial attire. On the chests of their attires were embroidered the coat of arms of the Britannian Empire as well as five stars that stood out conspicuously.

It was a sign that they were of the Sage Realm.

The Prime Minister bowed his head while he fell to one knee.

"O exalted venerable Knights of Sage, I, Edward Del Germont, your humble servant, have appeared before you as per your summons."

They gazed at him wordlessly for a moment.

"Edward."

The woman at the center remarked with a cold gaze and even frostier voice.

"Sage Knight Vermillion, how may I serve you?" His voice was one of deference.

Her eyes sharpened. "How goes the war?"

"…We have gained an advantage in securing the allies we need to destroy the Kandrian Empire without suffering immense losses," he calmly replied. "Unfortunately, every step of progress is grueling. The only reason we have an advantage is more due to human psychology rather than our Martial superiority. People fear the stick more than they want the carrot. However, the Kandrian Empire is able to match our Martial power when it comes to defending its allies and has been doing a brilliant job protecting their allies from our attacks."

Chills crawled across his skin as he felt the rage of the strongest Martial Sage of the Britannian Empire.

"…We're losing?"

He winced at her words. "We have not suffered any losses, Your Sagehood."

"Do not play word games with me." She glowered at his words. "How many of the Kandrian Empire's allies have we destroyed?"

"…None so far."

"So, we have deployed our forces with the intention of attacking their allies and taking them down," she bristled. "And you mean to tell me that not a single one of these operations has even partially succeeded?"

"…I'm afraid that's so, Your Sagehood."

His words only made her more furious.

"Our alliance has more Sages, does it not?" She growled.

"Yes, Knight Vermillion."

"Our alliance also has more Masters, does it not?"

"Most certainly, Your Sagehood."

"Then why are we not able to destroy their allies?" Her expression was distorted with anger.

Prime Minister Edward heaved a sigh. "They have an absolute strategic advantage over us when it comes to intelligence, Your Sagehood."

Her mouth curled with displeasure. "We have our very own Britannian Intelligence Service, as well as the Gorteau Bureau of Intelligence and the Nindo Clan of the Sekigahara Confederate."

Her eyes sharpened to slits.

"Pray tell, how does the Kandrian Empire have an advantage in this regard?"

Prime Minister Edward heaved a sigh. "It's because of the Silas Clan, Your Sagehood. Thanks to them, we are unable to dominate despite our numerical superiority. They are able to foresee the future. Not perfectly or completely, of course, but they are able to do it well enough to know what forces we will send where, and then they send Martial Artists that have the best compatibility against ours."

Her demeanor only grew icier at his words.

"They're adaptively evolving to us on a tactical level," he continued. "By knowing exactly what forces we will send, they can send the perfect set of Martial Artists that can stop our forces due to a massive compatibility advantage. If we deploy a poison-oriented Martial Artist, they send Martial Artists who are extremely immune to poison. If we send long-range Martial Artists, they send even longer ranged Martial Artists. So on and so forth. This is the reason that we have been unable to take down even one of their allies, even after three months of trying."

He could almost feel the displeasure radiating from them prickle on his skin.

Of course, he understood how they felt.

It was deeply frustrating to see the Kandrian Empire possess such overpowered treasures that could allow them to conjure such miracles. Nôv(el)B\\jnn

But it was also precisely why they needed to succeed in destroying the Kandrian Empire.

It wouldn't be possible to do so in the future.

-



Chapter 2332: Personal Intervention\



"However, I foresee that we are tending towards a victory," Prime Minister Edward placated them. "We have been winning over more allies to our side as our threats of destruction to Kandrian allies are too great to be ignored more often than not. At the rate of success that we are going, I foresee that it is more likely than not that we will end up obtaining the numerical advantage that we require."

He couldn't be certain, of course.

He didn't have the power of precognition, unlike their enemy.

"However, their window of opportunity to turn the tide of the war is changing," he continued. "In the past three months since the Kandria-Sekigahara Battle ended, we have picked all the low-hanging fruits among the allies. Allies that, for one reason or another, we had high confidence in being able to successfully convince to our side. Now, the fewer allies who remain undecided, the fewer opportunities they have to turn the tide around and prevent themselves from going down this route."

This seemed to placate the Knights of Sage a bit.

"Do not give them the opportunity to turn the tides around, Edward," a man sitting beside Sage Knight Vermillion ordered. "We must destroy the Kandrian Empire once and for all this time. It cannot be allowed to remain standing, for its limitless potential for evolution makes it an existential to our mighty Britannia."

"Of course, Your Sagehood," Prime Minister Edward replied. "Rest assured that I, we, will emerge victorious this time. Even if I have to pry victory from them myself."

Knight Vermillion was not satisfied with empty platitudes, however.

"What do you foresee from the Kandrian Empire?" she asked. "And what is the best way to ensure that it unfolds in our favor?"

He fell into thought at her pertinent question. Yet, his answer was without hesitation.

"The Shionel Confederation, Your Sagehood," Prime Minister Edward answered. "It is the most important avenue in the war for allies. It also happens to be the avenue where Rael has the greatest probability of victory. If he is able to obtain a victory in this nation, he will be able to successfully turn the tides. However, should he fail, he will lose the final chance to turn the tides in the war for allies, and our victory will be all but secured."

The air tingled under the weight of the man's words.

The atmosphere grew heavy.

Each of them could sense the consequences that were at stake.

Sage Knight Vermillion was not pleased by some of his revelations.

"…Why do you say that the Kandrian Empire has the greatest chance of success with this highly important juncture?"

"It is because the Dawnbringer has a long history of collusion and partnership with Guildmaster Bradt, the current head of state and head of government, Your Sagehood," Prime Minister Edward patiently explained the state of affairs to them. "Thus, it is no wonder that Emperor Rael has sent the Void Prince to serve as an ambassador for the Shionel Confederation, armed with measures that make launching an attack on him futile."

He briefly explained the artificial intel leak regarding the transportation device and the three Sages protecting him.

"…Clever," Sage Knight Vermillion muttered with contempt. "It is just like that spineless wimp Rael to do something like that. In other words, not only can we not kill the Void Prince, but we must watch him leverage his great relationship with the Shionel guildmaster and form an alliance with them?"

The fury in her voice returned.

"Rest assured that I will not allow that to happen," Prime Minister Edward declared with steely determination. "How do you intend to stop the Dawnbringer from succeeding with the Shionel Confederation then? Not only does he have a great relationship with the Shionel Confederation, but he is also an excellent diplomat from what I have heard."

"He is," Prime Minister Edward admitted. "So much so that if we deploy even the best of our diplomats, we will most likely not be able to overcome the Dawnbringer in this diplomatic battle."

This alarmed the five Martial Sages.

"…Are you informing us that we will lose?" Sage Knight Vermillion bristled with fury.

"No," Prime Minister Edward's tone grew stronger. "As I told you before, we will win. Even if I have to pry victory out of their hands by myself."

Their eyes widened as they understood the meaning of his words.

"I will personally go to the Shionel Confederation." His eyes flared with powerful will. "The Dawnbringer is an extraordinarily gifted individual when it comes to his immense intellect. However, the fact of the matter is that he is neither his father's equal nor mine in the domain of politics and diplomacy. The only reason he has a better chance of succeeding than the Emperor of Harmony is because of his great working relationship and history with the guildmaster. However…"

His eyes narrowed. "That won't be enough to overcome me. I will personally head to the Shionel Confederation as the representative of the East Panamic Treaty Alliance and win over the guildmaster."

The Sages stared at him with a hint of uncertainty. They had no doubt in his ability to succeed.

There was a reason that the Transcendent Emperor had assigned him as the head of, well, everything.

"You may succumb to an assassination," Knight Vermillion warned him. "We cannot afford to lose you, certainly not at this point in time."

A mischievous smile emerged on his face. "Then, we can arrange for the protection of the Knights of Sage on my person. However, I am fairly confident that the Emperor of Harmony will not assassinate me as much as he undoubtedly wants to."

Knight Vermillion frowned. "I do not understand the source of your confidence."

His smile simply widened. "Well, let's just say that I played my cards right." n/ô/vel/b//in dot c//om

The truth of the matter was that if the Prime Minister died, the alliance would be deprived of powerful and intelligent leadership.

The Republic of Gorteau was nervous and trigger-happy.

The Sekigahara Confederate was bloodlusted and furious.

The Britannian Empire longed to dominate the Kandrian Empire with their numerical advantage.

The only person holding back these people from running over to the Kandrian Empire and waging an all-out destructive war was Prime Minister Edward himself.

He was the only person with enough influence in the Britannian Empire and enough dominance in the alliance to pacify them and prevent them from waging a mutually destructive war.

In other words, if he died, the Kandrian Empire would be hit with a mutually destructive war on its front porch that would destroy everything.

Emperor Rael did not want that.

He needed Prime Minister Edward in control so that the war for allies could continue and the Kandrian Empire could potentially obtain victory without losing ninety-percent of its Martial Artists. He wanted a bloodless victory.

Prime Minister Edward knew that; thus, he had created the alliance as a life insurance. The moment the alliance was born, the Emperor of Harmony could no longer kill him. In fact, he was even willing to protect the prime minister, at least until the war was over. In this manner, Prime Minister Edward secured his life against an assassination attempt.

This was the power of the sole man the Emperor of Harmony acknowledged as his equal.

-



Chapter 2333: Departure

﻿

It was time for Rui to depart.Nôv(el)B\\jnn

He exited the Royal Throne Hall, heading out to the convoy that waited for him down below. It was comprised of many identically armored carriages; each layered with the most powerful and taxing anti-sensory esoteric technology of such immense potency that not even Martial Sages could peer through them. Not even Rui's Riemannian Echo was able to pry the truth past their unrelenting barriers.

On the other side were a team of maids, butlers, and assistants who were prepared to serve the charges in any way that was necessary. They immediately bowed their head in protocol once The descended the steps.

However, what drew his attention were the three Martial Sages who stood down below in wait for him.

Sage Damian looked miffed that he had been deployed to babysit someone who may as well have been a brat, while the Hugging Hegemon looked bored. Only the Flashing Flier appeared to be amicable with the current circumstances.

Regardless, their immensely powerful auras, which seemed to weigh down on the world around them, relieved him of his safety.

"Your Sagehoods." Rui bowed his head lightly in respect for his superiors. "I am honored to be protected by the Fire Sect and a leader of the Lightning Sect."

Sage Roschem, the Flashing Flier, smiled at Rui's deference. "Glacken was dispatched on emergency to the Central Martial Consortium, one of the Martial Union's greatest allies, that has come under attack from the enemy alliance. I will be taking up his duty of protecting you. Rest assured, you are in good hands."

Rui nodded. "I most certainly am, by the way..."

He glanced at the large convoy of carriages. "...Are so many carriages necessary, or am I correct that these are part of an elaborate decoy plan?"

"...We had initially decided to take a covert route, but your father was against it," the Flashing Flier replied. "He said that it would reflect badly on the Kandrian Empire if we had to hide in fear of our enemies when we were trying to convince the world that we were confidently able to win. A more palatable strategy is to have multiple identical carriages, each armed with anti-sensory measures taking vastly different routes to ensure that any hopes of an attack are futile so long as our enemies do not know which carriage we are."

Rui stirred at his words. "That makes sense. Not as ideal as a covert dispatch, but not bad either."

The enemy alliance was not going to spend the time and Martial manpower that was needed to identify which carriage contained Rui and which didn't. It was a waste as they would spread their forces too thin because even if they did find their carriage by doing so, the three powerful Martial Sages would wipe out the diluted forces that sought to kill Rui.

In other words, as long as they didn't know ahead of time which carriage he was in, it was a waste to even bother.

In fact, he knew both his father and the strategic outlook on the war, and he knew that man would have loved it if his enemies had been foolish enough to try and hunt Rui down aggressively.

It would mean a significant redirection of the Martial manpower away from the war, allowing the Kandrian Empire to consolidate and make more progress in earning new allies.

"Tsk," Sage Damian tutted impatiently. "Tricks. We should face whatever they throw head- on! I alone am enough to rip all their heads off and shove it up their ass!"

"Seconded." The Hugging Hegemon expressed her approval of his sentiments.

"Ignore these two, Master Rui. You will only damage your precious intellect trying to engage with them," he scoffed. "It is time to depart, so let us not delay this any further.

RUMBLE...

The three Martial Sages exerted their power as they manipulated heaven and earth to hide the convoy of carriages from the world before selecting one at random and sitting inside. Immediately, the servant teams occupied the other carriages.

Soon enough, the convoy was dispatched, taking off in the air.

Rui squirmed in his seat as he realized that he would be spending a lot of time with the three Martial Sages.

Given that they were the bodyguard of an extremely important dignitary in the Kandrian Empire, they could not afford to not be by his side or at least close by. On top of that, the carriage was extremely spacious and luxurious, so he didn't feel particularly stuffy.

However, he had just realized that each of the Martial Sages was related to his friends in some way or another.

The Flashing Flier was Fiona's father, and the Hugging Hegemon was Fae's grandmother. Sage Damian, of course, was Kane's father.

He felt rather awkward with the silence knowing this. He wasn't sure how he was supposed to interact with them, considering that he normally interacted with them very formally. But it was not easy to maintain that outside of formal circumstances.

"The talks with the Shionel Confederation are extremely important to the future of the Kandrian Empire," the Flashing Flier began. "From what I understand, having spoken to the Emperor, it is not an exaggeration to say that the outcome of these talks will affect the future of the war extremely significantly."

Rui nodded, growing more serious. "That is indeed the case, Your Sagehood."

"I'm not doubting your well-demonstrated competence; however, I hope that you will do your best to secure the best outcome for the Kandrian Empire."

"I most certainly will, Your Sagehood."

He waved his hand dismissively. "Dispense with the formalities. You are my daughter's childhood friend, after all. You may as well be family."

Rui had to suppress a wince. "I am indeed friends with Fiona, sir. We've known each other since the Martial Contest that I participated in. It is unfortunate that neither of us has been able to spend too much time with each other outside of infrequent get-togethers. But alas, such is life."



Chapter 2334: Parenting Conflicts

﻿

His words evoked an introspective mood in his relationship with his friends. He hadn't had the time to speak to them recently outside Kane. He was swamped with so many important matters that he didn't have time to maintain relationships.

It was hard enough to make sure he spent several hours a week in the Quarrier Orphanage; it was even harder to muster the time to do so with his friends. This was especially true since the world learned of his identity as a Royal Prince. It was even truer ever since he actively began contributing his mass-triggered breakthroughs ability to the Kandrian Empire.

On top of that, in addition to not having time, there were other liabilities that came with maintaining a friendship with Rui.

Any friend of his was in danger of being targeted by his enemies.

And he had plenty of his enemies.

Kane was strong and was driven by his friendship with Rui. Thus, Rui didn't think of putting distance between them. On top of that, he was aware of the risks and was willing to undertake them.

As a decently strong Master, he could handle the risks associated with being Rui's friend.

The same could not be said for the rest of his friends. Especially more normal friends like Dalen and Milliana, who were ordinary Martial Artists of the Lower Realms leading a normal married life with their young daughter in a remote village.

They were entirely under-equipped to be able to handle a relationship with him and everything that came with it. While Nel and Hever weren't weak, they were still of the Lower Realms and also did not have the backing to maintain a friendship with him safely.

This was especially the case ever since his breakthrough ability had been leaked to the entire world.

He had not even the faintest doubt in his mind that there were countless parties watching him like a hawk from all over the Panama Continent who sought his mass-triggered ability. There were also countless forces that wanted him dead for the same reason: he had already run into several assassins in the past.

All of that would spill over to friends he knew.

He couldn't allow that to happen.

The only reason the same reasoning wasn't applied to his family was that he paid for their protection and had even gotten his grandmother, a Martial Sage, to protect them.

"Fiona speaks very highly of you," the Flashing Flier smiled. "She has followed all your feats and accomplishments. She beams when she speaks of you, you see. Seeing your prodigious progress, she has gotten more motivated to ensure that she, too, keeps progressing. She has recently hit the peak of the Squire Realm and may very well be one of the next batches of Squire you break through to the Senior Realm. I'm quite proud of her as a father, you see." Before Rui could even respond, Damian snorted heavily with contempt and derision.

"Your soft, weak fathering stifled the potential of the greatest prodigious genius the Empire has seen in decades!" He sneered. "If not for your wishy-washy guidance, she would have been in the Master Realm by now. Instead, she is an unremarkable Squire after all these years. How she still respects you as a father is beyond me."

A flicker of rage flashed in the eyes of the Flashing Flier as he glared at the Devil with a warning gaze. "Watch your words, Damian."

"Or what, you little shit?" Damian spat. "Did I lie? Every word I uttered is true, is it not? She was gifted beyond even my son was. Yet, my son is a Master while yours is still in the Squire Realm. That is all the proof that one needs that you're a failure of a father."

"Kane is a Master, yes, a Master who disowned his own father for being a wretched imbecile who tormented his own son from birth into hating him in some sort of twisted tough love to drive him for more power," Sage Roschem snorted with contempt. "A man who traumatized his own son in hopes of making him stronger is in no position to condemn my parenting."

"Hah, you were dealt the best cards, and you still couldn't win. Shut up and accept you were wrong!"

"I didn't look at my children as some sort of weapon, you twisted demon!" The Flashing Flier roared. "If I was disowned by my daughter, I would never show my face in public, let alone boast about being a better father!"

"HAH! What good does owned or disowned matter when my son would wipe your daughter out with a blink of his eye!" He bellowed at the Flashing Flier with disdain. "What's the point in making them soft and weak when we live in a carnivorous world where the soft and weak get eaten?! Any father who doesn't make his children strong, no matter what, is the true devil if you ask me!"

"No one asked you, so why don't you shut up and stay put?" the co-leader of the Lightning Sect struggled to contain his rage.

"MAKE ME SHUT UP!"

RUMBLE...!

Their enormous power, sealed within the depths of their being, began leaking out.

Rui, who had been watching the two Martial Sages duke it out in the field of parenting philosophy with morbid excitement, grew worried as he realized that unleashing this much power could potentially reveal this carriage as the one containing the Sages and thus Rui to any potential surveilling hostile forces.

"Your Sagehoods, you must stop-"

Before he could even finish his sentence, the Hugging Hegemon unleashed her power, except she used it to shackle the power that the two Sages were unleashing to ensure that none of it left the carriage, absorbing it through high principles that not even Rui was able to discern easily.Nôv(el)B\\jnn

"You two are losers," she grinned. "I am the best mother because my child is a Master and also loves me, so I have defeated both of you."



Chapter 2335: Preoccupied

Nôv(el)B\\jnn

Once Sage Dullahan successfully dunked on both of them when it came to the matter of whose parenting philosophy, the Flashing Flier and the Devil shut up and remained silent for the rest of the trip, much to Rui's relief.

Yet, he couldn't help but think about their words.

It was indeed true that Fiona had had a really good life her entire life with a warm, loving family and father. She had always been a positive person filled with energy, curiosity, and excitement.

Kane, on the other hand, had had a miserable childhood and used to be a lot darker and serious when he was younger.

However, it was indeed true that he was more driven and made much more progress down his Martial Path, thanks to that. His drive was certainly why he was the second youngest Master in history.

Still, even if he wound up ending up fine, it didn't change the fact that he had suffered a lot to reach the point he had reached, having been deprived of a happy childhood.

Rui would much rather have a father like Sage Roschem than one like Sage Damian.

He didn't need suffering in order to build drive.

He already had a very powerful drive.

Regardless, he was glad that they finally shut up; he could finally focus on the mission instead of the drama. He spent most of the day revising and refining his diplomatic approach with the Shionel Confederation. It appeared that while their particular route to the Shionel Confederation was not the shortest, it wasn't the longest either.

As expected, they didn't run into any attacks either.

Not only was it too difficult to figure out which carriage they were targeting, but the sheer amount of power it would take to overwhelm three Sages, including the Devil of all people, was too high.

The reports from the Kandria-Sekigahara Battle indicated that Sage Damian was much stronger than previously known to be, according to Sage Shinken of the Sekigahara Confederate. The reason it didn't make a difference in their fight was that Sage Shinken had consumed fruit from the Tree of Healings, temporarily giving him extraordinary healing.

Thus, as Rui had predicted and hoped, they had avoided being attacked or ambushed the entire journey.

Soon enough, they arrived at the Shionel Confederation.

THUD…

The flying carriage landed on the ground and rolled up before an ostentatious official port of entry was constructed specifically to allow the Shionel Confederation to welcome important guests of the nations and other distinguished dignitaries.

"We have arrived, Your Highness," a butler opened the door, allowing Rui to step out upon an ostentatious red carpet.

Outside were a series of dignitaries that had been waiting upon the arrival of the Dawnbringer. They were garbed in extravagant attire, stiffening up while also relieved that the true carriage of the Void Prince had finally arrived. The air grew jubilant as they beheld one of the most powerful men in East Panama, growing more electric as the three Martial Sages stood protectively behind him. "Welcome to the Shionel Confederation, Prince Rui Quarrier Silas Kandria of the Kandrian Empire," a man with Senior bodyguards shook Rui's hand vigorously. "I am the Secretary of State, Mein Lamport. I am honored to receive the famed Dawnbringer in person and look forward to speaking to you in person."

Rui smiled perfunctorily. "It is a pleasure to meet you. I am grateful and pleased by your warm welcome. I look forward to my stay in the Shionel Confederation."

"We hope that you come to enjoy your time in our fine nation. Come, Your Highness, let us speak more inside. It would be remiss of us to keep you waiting outside."

"Why, certainly."

The two exchanged courteous words as they made their way inside the extravagant building complex meant to welcome important dignitaries.

None of the Martial Sages minded being acknowledged despite the fact that they possessed political power that was similar to that of Rui himself. There was a golden rule in diplomatic etiquette that said that bodyguards were invisible.

They were not a part of the conversation, and their personal identity was not relevant unless specifically mentioned by the charge they were guarding. They were also exempt from all etiquette and protocol. They were to be treated as background objects with no bearing on the discussion that was taking place between the two of them. This was because all these things got in the way of their duty of protecting their charge. They needed to stay alert and maintain broad environmental awareness. They could not afford to be consumed by important political matters due to this.

Thus, as prickling as stressful as their extraordinary and heavy presence was, they were promptly ignored.

The hapless Senior bodyguards of the other side who found themselves face-to-face with the Sages had regretted their decision to be bodyguards. It took every ounce of willpower not to urinate their extravagant Martial attire and humiliate their entire nation in one of the most important diplomatic ventures in recent history!

"The Shionel Confederation is grateful and honored by the consideration shown by the Emperor of Harmony in the many offers that His Majesty has made to us," the secretary of state remarked once they settled down opposite each other in a fancy and posh conference room. "We have been extremely enthused by the prospects of allying with the Kandrian Empire. I hope that the Empire does not mistake our delay for dissatisfaction. It is not that we do not value our relationship with the Empire deeply. It is just that we have found ourselves in extenuating circumstances that have complicated our considerations in this matter."

Rui smiled at the man knowingly. "Let us dispense with the diplomatic talk, Secretary Mein. I am well aware of the considerations of the Shionel Confederation under the circumstances in which it finds itself. I am here because I am confident that I can chart a future where the Shionel Confederation and the Kandrian Empire. I wish to speak with Guildmaster Bradt Patrick as soon as possible."

The secretary of state hesitated before heaving a sigh. "I'm afraid that the guildmaster is speaking with Prime Minister Edward in person in his office at the moment. He is unable to speak with you at the moment."

-



Chapter 2336 Weaker Card



Rui stared at the man with a calm and composed expression even as the man dropped a bombshell on him. It took all the self-control Rui  had on him not to react in a manner that conveyed his shock. Nôv(el)B\\jnn

And shocked he was. He had heard nothing about the prime minister of the Britannian Empire himself coming to the Shionel Confederation in order to broker an alliance with the nation and with Guildmaster Bradt alone.

The fact that the leader of the enemy alliance had come in person was nothing short of stunning.

Rui didn't know too much about the prime minister outside of the fact that he was extremely capable and competent as the strategic leader of the enemy alliance and had done a good job responding to his father's grand plan with his own political and military strategy.

He knew that his father held the man in high regard and viewed him as one of the biggest stumbling blocks on his way to achieving his greatest ambition of turning the Kandrian Empire into the most powerful and prosperous nation to have ever existed.

If such a man had come himself personally, it meant that he regarded the Shionel Confederation just as importantly as a potential ally as the Kandrian Empire did.

'This timing is suspicious.' Rui fell into thought. 'It is unlikely to be a coincidence. There's no doubt he chose to come himself because I was coming to meet the guildmaster myself."

He wouldn't have come if he had had confidence that the Britannian Empire would be able to win over the Shionel Confederation without him. "Your Highness…?" the Secretary of State broke him out of his thoughtful state.

"Ah, pardon me," Rui smiled. "I understand. I look forward to speaking with the guildmaster when he is able to."

"We thank you for your understanding, Your Highness. In the meantime, our staff can guide you to the luxury suite that we have prepared just for you and your convoy. Please get some rest. I'm sure the journey here has been tiring."

Rui fell back into thought as he was escorted to a large array of luxury suites that awaited him and his bodyguards and assistants.

"We hope that you find it to your liking."

The first thing that Rui did when he had the chance was isolate the room with some esoteric anti-espionage artifacts and then contact his father with a special communication artifact.

"Rui," his father's expression was severe, "I heard."

It appeared his father had just come to learn the truth of the fact that the prime minister had personally come to speak to the guildmaster of the Shionel Confederation.

"…I was taken aback by surprise when the secretary of state informed me of the truth." Rui heaved a sigh. "I'm not sure how this affects my plan exactly, but there's no doubt that it makes it harder. I have half a mind to kill him myself."

"Do not." Emperor Rael shook his head. "You are in no position to conduct an assassination, and even if you could get away with it, I require the Prime Minister to be alive for my plan to work. You absolutely cannot kill him."

Rui frowned. He wasn't entirely sure why his father needed the man alive, though he could make educated guesses. "Besides, you need to be careful about your life rather than worry about taking his," his father reminded him. "I have been informed that he is accompanied by three Sage Knights. This means that he is extremely well-protected and has the power to threaten your life potentially. Make sure that you are never away from the Martial Sages."

"Understood." Rui nodded. "I have no doubt that he will increase the difficulty of convincing the guildmaster to ally with us. Any recommendations?"

His father fell into thought. "Considering that the biggest reason for anybody to join the East Panamic Treaty Alliance is the fact that while they will be attacked by the alliance if they don't, he actually has a weaker card to play if you can convince the guildmaster that he has no reason to fear the attacks."

Rui's eyes lit up with understanding. "Ah, because while we have not been winning the war for allies, we have successfully protected our allies that are under attack, thanks to the Silas Clan."

His father nodded. "Why do people fear being attacked? It is because of the consequences of being attacked. Loss, death, suffering. If you can convince him that the Kandrian Empire can prevent any of those from happening, then you can invalidate the Prime Minister's trump card."

Rui considered his words. "That's a good idea. Do you really think that the Prime Minister is here to merely threaten him in person?"

"Yes," his father confirmed. "There is no point in trying to lay out some carrots to try and serve as incentives. Those incentives will be utterly pathetic in front of the incentives that we are offering. Instead, doubling down on his threat and intimidating the guildmaster in person will be the most effective strategy. He is most likely ironing out the details of the consequences of siding with the Kandrian Empire to make the guildmaster even more reluctant to join us in fear of what is to come. But as I said…"

His father smiled. "They are merely empty words if no other ally of the Kandrian Empire has suffered what he is promising him. They lack credibility. Had he successfully razed even one of our allies, things would have been different. But since he hasn't yet done that, it is a weakness that you can exploit."

Rui nodded. "Additionally, I can also leverage plain human nature. Nobody wants to ally with a person who threatens to destroy them in person without relenting. All I need to do is give Bradt a rational basis to make the decision to side with us."

"You have it figured out." His father nodded. "Good luck. It won't be easy, and you will be hit with curveballs when dealing with someone of Edward's caliber, but I have confidence that you can come out victorious."

-



Chapter 2337: Changing Nation

﻿

His meeting with his father ended soon enough as he felt more relaxed about competing with the enemy leader himself for the alliance with the Shionel Confederation. Certainly, it was much harder than if the alliance had sent an ordinary ambassador.

Rui was confident he could outcompete any ordinary diplomat.

Prime Minister Edward himself taking the initiative to convince the guildmaster to join the East Panamic Treaty Alliance made things harder, but still within a tolerable degree.

Rui immediately headed to sleep as dusk came, not wanting to enter the meeting with Guildmaster Bradt at anything less than his optimal condition.

Soon enough, the next day came along.

It wasn't too long before Rui completed all the preparations.

"Come, Your Highness. The guildmaster awaits you at the capital of the nation. We have prepared appropriate travel arrangements for you and your bodyguards."

He hadn't forgotten that they were only in the luxury complex right near the port of entry at the border of the nation. They immediately boarded a carriage that took off in the air, heading to the capital of the Shionel Confederation.

Rui peered through the window as he got a good view of the port town stretching out as far as the eye could see.

"Business has been good, from the looks of it."

Down below, the town was bustling with a dense population as the dense commercialization had people running into shops and stores of all kinds across the entire town. As a

corporatocracy, commerce was the most important and significant part of the Shionel Confederation. It was a nation that began as a consortium of merchants who banded together with the mutual interest of wanting to have greater collective bargaining power.

Nobody in the nation was under the illusion that it was anything other than a trade hub for the merchants.

The Shionel Confederation was probably the only polity that was doing better rather than worse ever since the war had commenced. While many other places experienced economic downturns or even recessions as a consequence of the war, the Shionel Confederation experienced economic growth despite these setbacks. It spoke to the sheer commercial entrenchment that the nation had managed to create in the economy of East Panama over the centuries.

"Business has been going extremely well for the past twenty years, Your Highness." The Secretary of State smiled. "But I'm sure that you know all about that, don't you?"

Rui threw a knowing gaze at the man.

It was public knowledge in this day and age that the Void Prince was the true identity of the Voider that dominated the Shionel Dungeon more than twenty years ago. Back then, he partnered with the guildmaster and overcame Chairman Deacon, who was the guildmaster's greatest rival and opponent.

It was a historic event that shaped the future of the Shionel Confederation and made the guildmaster the unofficial emperor of the polity.

Even before, he had been nigh unstoppable, but after he fully capitalized on the bounties of the Shionel Dungeon and his only opponent died, his grip over the Shionel Confederation became absolute and unchallengeable.

The guildmaster elections that were held every few years had become little more than a meaningless formality where he swept the votes unhindered. The Shionel Confederation had gone from a democratic confederation to an autocracy where the leader simply could not be challenged unless a truly extreme event happened.

Unfortunately for him, the Third Great East Panamic War was one of them.

If he made the wrong choice, he could potentially lose the invincibility that he had cultivated within the nation.

"We have arrived, Your Highness."

Rui glanced out the window as he beheld the Shionel Dungeon for the first time in more than two decades.

"It's changed so much that I hardly recognize it." Rui smiled nostalgically.

Gone was the dangerous underground dungeon filled with monsters and bounties.

In its place was a metropolitan underground estate sector that made full use of the vast empty swathes of land in the entire dungeon that collectively constituted a small nation.

The tunnels leading in and out of the ground were filled with specially designed bogeys that could transport people and goods from the underground cities and storage towns that had been built since the dungeon had been long cleared.

Rui could see the logo of the Bradt Distribution Service on all of them, which showed that the guildmaster was successfully relying on the map that Rui had created and exchanged to gain a special advantage and dominate the dungeon wars.

Rui felt nostalgic as he recalled the eighteen months he had spent in the dungeon, clearing floors of it together with Kane as they raked in more floors at a remarkable pace. He also recalled how they had fled the nation when his identity had been discovered by Chairman Deacon, setting them on a long journey that only ended eight years later when Rui killed the Chairman with his own two hands.

It was surreal visiting the nation after all this time.

His eyes narrowed as he saw a section of the underground transport system featuring people and goods bearing the emblem that he had become all too familiar with.

The Virodhabhasa Faith.

"Tsk," he tutted with displeasure.

He hadn't forgotten that they had managed to set up a church town inside the former dungeon to spread their influence east. While it was not the reason that he had come to the nation, it wasn't one that he could ignore entirely.

Soon enough, the carriage began lowering until it finally landed before slowing down right in the carriage trackway in the Shionel Merchant Guild headquarters.

STEP

"Let's go." Rui grew more serious, exiting the carriage with his bodyguards.

"Right this way, Your Highness. The Guildmaster has just completed an important meeting and looks forward to speaking with you immediately."

The four of them, led personally by the Secretary of State, hurriedly walked over in the direction of the Guildmaster's Office.n/ô/vel/b//jn dot c//om

Rui could only narrow his eyes gravely as he watched the Britannian Prime Minister walk out of the office with three Sage Knights behind him.



Chapter 2338: Later Realization

﻿

Rui's eyes sharpened while the Britannian Prime Minister smiled at him.n/ô/vel/b//jn dot c//om

RUMBLE...

Tremors spread through the ground as the six Martial Sages glared at their counterparts with fiery eyes.

Yet, none of them made a move.

They were bodyguards and only bodyguards on this particular occasion.

They absolutely could not afford to pick a fight with each other under these circumstances. Whichever nation sparked a fight of this magnitude would forever destroy their relationship with the Shionel Confederation unilaterally.

On top of that, the safety of their charges was the most important to both sides. Prime Minister Edward was the man who bore the will of the Transcendent Emperor and had been chosen by him to manage the entire nation. He was an extremely important asset to the Britannian Empire that they could not afford to lose.

Rui occupied a position of even greater significance in the Kandrian Empire; the Sages assigned to him would not allow any harm to come to him, no matter what.

The air tingled with peril.

The atmosphere grew electric as the six Martial Sages had a silent face-off.

"Well well well," Prime Minister Edward began, smiling as he stopped right before Rui. "What do we have here? If it isn't the great Dawnbringer of Kandria. The golden boy of the Martial Union. Heir to the throne."

Rui met his gaze with steely eyes. "Prime Minister Edward. It is a pleasure to meet the man who runs that bumbling alliance of fools and idiots. It must be difficult being their leader. You have my deepest sympathies."

The provocation merely evoked a mirthful chuckle from the man. "You are an interesting one. It is a profound shame that you did not have the opportunity to ascend the throne. I would have loved to spar with you and show you the ropes. But alas, it was not meant to be. So, I suppose that..."

His smile grew deeper, "...that I will have to be content with crushing you in the war for allies."

His tone was strong.

It left no room for doubt.

"Ah yes, if you can't beat him, pick a fight with his son," Rui's voice was filled with mockery. "The only thing more pathetic than that would be losing to the son as well. And you know how the saying goes."

A smile emerged on his face. "Like father, like son."

While Rui's barbs were witty, they weren't enough to give him a rhetorical victory or faze the man.

"Like father, like son, hm?" Amusement flickered in Prime Minister Edward's eyes. "Consider what that means when your father killed his father."

Rui bit his tongue as he just barely managed to suppress the urge to admit that he had absolutely no desire for the throne.

It was a trap.

One that Rui had almost fallen for.

If he admitted he didn't want the throne, then it would cast even greater suspicion on the mysterious recovery of his father coinciding with his breakthrough to the Master Realm. It would put his entire campaign to ascend the throne under scrutiny, which could potentially lead to some devastating consequences.

Prime Minister Edward smiled as he expertly cold-read Rui on the spot.

"You are indeed your father's son."

STEP

He walked past Rui with an air of certainty.

"But you are not ready, and that will be your downfall."

He walked away with his bodyguards, uncaring for whatever Rui would retort with.

Rui watched his retreating figure with narrowed eyes.

"W-We deeply apologize for that, Your Highness. We will ensure that that unfortunate encounter doesn't occur once more."

Rui's sharp gaze shifted to meet the Secretary of State's eyes, causing the man to wince under the pressure. "...Let's go."

Rui narrowed his eyes as he followed the Secretary of State to the Guildmaster's office.

The man was lying.

They just so happened to arrive at exactly the right moment that allowed Rui to run into Prime Minister Edward while he exited his meeting with the guildmaster?

That was far too much of a coincidence.

It was most likely done on purpose.

In fact, judging by the man's mental state, Rui could deduce that he was merely in charge of executing the plan.

He most certainly was not its author.

As for who it was, Rui already knew.

"Guildmaster Bradt, it is a pleasure to gain the opportunity to speak with you after so many years," Rui greeted him with a courteous smile. "I come here as the representative of the Kandrian Empire in hopes of gaining your favor and your alliance. I hope that the Shionel Confederation will come to appreciate the sincerity of our good faith and the various offers we have prepared for you."

Inside the office stood Bradt Patrick, clad in ostentatious merchant attire, peering at Rui with a knowing look.

Just one glance at him was enough to confirm the truth.

He had timed that little run-in with Prime Minister Edward as a test.

A test was conducted to judge who had relative confidence and certainty as well as diplomatic capability. It was a litmus test that would help him make his decision.

Rui also realized that Prime Minister Edward had deduced this truth on the spot and had put on a performance with just that in mind, while Rui only made the connection after the fact.

Time slowed down in his eyes as he felt a flash of displeasure in his eyes.

This was how the game was played at the highest echelons of politics.

Had his father been there, he would have understood not only the truth on the spot but also exactly what to say to bring out the best outcome.

Of course, it wasn't that big a deal since Rui was not a career diplomat.

He was a Martial Artist.

Still, he understood that he wasn't acting optimally in this highly important juncture in the war for allies compared to veterans like his father, the Britannian Prime Minister, and even

Guildmaster Bradt.

"As the leader of this nation, I welcome you to the Shionel Confederation," the guildmaster began, offering a perfunctory smile. "We are graced by the Kandrian Empire's sincerity and goodwill and hope that we are able to come to an agreement in this historic meeting."



Chapter 2339: Quelling Concessions

﻿

Rui met his gaze with studying eyes.

The man had grown older since Rui last saw him and certainly since Rui first saw him.

Evidently, he had been unable to procure a longevity potion yet.

Rui had no doubt that that was one of the things that his father had offered him, yet he was able to resist the allure of living longer. It meant that his father's analysis of the man treating his own company like it was his actual child was not too much of an exaggeration. He was willing to die much sooner if it meant protecting the foundation of the company that he had founded when he was still a young fledgling merchant entering the business.

He was more sentimental than he let on.

What caught his attention was his bodyguard.Nôv(el)B\\jnn

It was her.

Sage Sariawar.

Rui needed to resist the urge to steal a glance at her even though he could perfectly study with his senses.

She didn't so much as acknowledge him, as a bodyguard was supposed to not.

Yet, he couldn't help but feel that her attention was fixed on him.

"Come, Prince Rui, let us have a seat," Guilmaster Bradt drew his attention as he lightly gestured to the conference table in his spacious office. "I do look forward to speaking with you in your capacity as the representative of the Kandrian Empire. I am honored that the Kandrian Empire deems it fit to send a dignitary of your power and significance to our negotiations. It certainly does inspire confidence that the Kandrian Empire is truly sincere in its expressed desire to form an ally."

Rui smiled as he sat down opposite the guildmaster. "Let us speak without restraint, guildmaster. I believe that you are a man who prefers to get down to business rather than beat around the bush."

Guildmaster Bradt's expression grew mildly amused. "I suppose that is true. I'm especially not eager to speak so formally and diplomatically to you, of all people."

Rui smiled. "I feel the same way. Though, I'm still here as a representative of the Kandrian Empire rather than your personal acquaintance and former business partner. Both of us have come a long way since then."

"I would say that statement is especially true for you, Your Highness," Guildmaster Bradt remarked knowingly. "I have indeed come to some ways since then, but you have skyrocketed from a nameless Squire to the youngest Master in the history of Martial Art and the crown prince of the Kandrian Empire. You would have been Emperor if not for the fact that you were denied your destiny. To say that your growth trajectory is shocking is an understatement."

Rui smiled. "Well, I appreciate your kind words. However, I didn't come here to talk to you about the past. Instead..."

Rui leaned forward with a pointed look. "I came here to talk to you about the future." Guildmaster Bradt simply stared at him knowingly. "You have come to offer me ports and seafaring to replace my land bases and land faring."

"That is precisely the case, Guildmaster."

"And just why would I accept it when I rejected the same offer from the Emperor himself?" Guildmaster raised an eyebrow. "Surely you did not think that coming here in person would get me to accept an offer that I had already rejected. I simply cannot afford to have the transportation foundation of my company under the control and within the territory of a single other nation. Even if it is the Kandrian Empire and its spotless reputation."

Rui smiled. "Oh, rest assured, I am not here to parrot the exact same offer that you have already received. This time, we won't be offering Kandrian territory. We'll be selling the territory to you."

Rui offered a folder to the man, who simply accepted it with interest in his eyes. Yet, the guildmaster didn't even bother hiding his surprise at the offer that Rui had made him.

"...The Kandrian Empire is willing to part with its territory and sell off a piece of its coast to a foreign power?" Guildmaster's eyes rose as his gaze returned to Rui.

Rui shrugged. "It solves the problem of having the territory under the control of the Kandrian Empire. This way, the territory is no longer under the control of the Kandrian Empire. It will be its own sovereign territory under the ownership of the Bradt Distribution Service."

"...That is a deeper concession than I was anticipating."

Rui smiled. "Think about it. Your company will have its own country as its base of operations. You can connect with all of the human civilization through the waters without having to pay tariffs or answer to other nations through which your distribution and transportation routes run. It will unshackle you from being constrained by considerations of these various nations." Guildmaster Bradt would be lying if he said that he wasn't deeply attracted to the idea. Having a separate coastal nation where he had a supermassive base of operations that connected him to the entire continent through the Great Nam Ocean was an extremely alluring idea that exceeded his expectations.

"According to our estimations, seafaring is able to easily compensate for everything that your land faring is able to," Rui placed logistical maps of the Panama Continent on the table. "Of course, they are not identical, and you will have to make a few changes to your modus operandi. For example, bulk supplies and transportation are the most profitable for seafaring, and they aren't able to replace short-distance transport. However, these shouldn't be a problem for someone of your business acumen and experience."

Guildmaster Bradt silently redirected his attention from the maps atop the table to Rui.

"Need I remind you that before you joined my faction in the Kandrian Throne War, you supported Princess Ranea, who is in charge of the naval and maritime development of the chunk of our coastal territory. You joined the Kandrian Throne War because you understand how extremely powerful seafaring can be in your line of business."



