Chapter 1821  Aged



The revelation of his awakening immediately prompted a medical team to tend to him. They conducted a small battery of tests, testing his mental and physical parameters.

TAP

A hammer struck his knee, flinging his leg forward. "Are you experiencing any trouble feeling that?" The doctor asked while a tendon reflex exam was being conducted.

"Not at all," Rui promptly replied.

"Hm, good," the doctor nodded with an encouraging smile. "Congratulations, none of our tests have indicated anything of even the slightest concern. We can confidently say that you have made a full recovery and are fit for discharge."

"Thank you," Rui expressed gratitude to the doctor. "I am grateful that you and your team have restored my health from the dire condition that I was in."

It wasn't long before Rui was flooded with visitors from his faction, expressing their relief at his recovery.

At that time, he also got a preliminary report of everything that had unfolded since his battle with the Gatekeeper.

Prince Raijun had obediently terminated his contract with the Minister of Domestic Affairs. Immediately, the Minister of Domestic Affairs had chosen to join the Rui Faction as he had always wanted to. "With that, we have now acquired support from seventy-five percent of all high-ranking government officials," his chief of staff explained. Congratulations, Your Highness; you have won the Kandrian Throne War."

Her words were heavy.

The Kandrian Throne War had boiled underneath the surface in a cold war for eight years, ever since Emperor Rael's condition became known. It had escalated greatly over the years, embroiling all of Kandria and eventually spreading far beyond the Kandrian Empire.

And now, it had finally effectively come to a conclusion.

Rui smiled wryly as he went through the stack of reports. "It would seem that I have."

Of course, Rui doubted that his half-brothers would call it quits this easily, but their battle was as good as lost.

"In addition to the Kandrian Throne War, Your Highness," Master Zentra remarked. "We would like to congratulate you on your victory against Sir Armstrong."

He closed his eyes. "I had told you that you would lose. It turned out that it was I who was patently wrong. I apologize for doubting you."

"No, you don't need to apologize for that," Rui shook his head. "Frankly, once the battle commenced, I understood why everybody had been deeply skeptical about my victory. I would too, had I been in your positions."

"Yet, you managed to wring victory from the jaws of defeat!" Master Ceeran grinned. "I knew you could do it!"

"Uh huh," Rui stared at him with a dubious expression.

"What matters most is that you ultimately managed to come away with your life and body intact and restored," Master Vericita heaved a sigh of relief as she patted his head affectionately.

Headmaster Aronian smiled with a hint of pride. "Your victory has sent waves across the Martial Community of the Kandrian Empire and East Panama. While those outside the Martial World are unaware of the significance of a Martial Senior defeating the Gatekeeper, those within have been thoroughly shaken by the significance of this feat."

It was only then that Rui realized that the way that the Martial Masters regarded him had changed. Their manner of communication with him had grown more…deferring. In hindsight, it was not surprising. Especially when one considered how much respect the eldest and most powerful Martial Artists had for the Gatekeeper. How would they feel for someone who managed to edge out a victory against this Martial Senior?

"It signifies the emergence of the new strongest Martial Senior in Kandria and perhaps even all of East Panama," Master Zentra remarked. Rui liked the sound of that, but…

"…I'm not worthy of that title," Rui shook his head. "As far as I am concerned, the Gatekeeper is still the strongest Martial Senior of the Kandrian Empire despite my victory against him."

"That's not how it works, Rui," Master Ceeran calmly disagreed with him. "The strongest do not win; those who win are the strongest."

Rui considered the man's words, shrugging.

One consideration that immediately entered his mind was the fact that if they had a fight again, Rui would probably win much quicker, considering that he now knew the exact resonant frequency of the Gatekeeper. Thus, he no longer needed to go through the lengthy and tedious process of banging his head with attacks that did literally no damage to him in order to find the resonant frequency.

It wasn't nearly as satisfying as holistically being stronger, but it was true that his victory against the Gatekeeper was secured.

Rui turned to all of them. "What about Sir Armstrong…? Is he…?"

"He's alive," Master Zentra remarked, closing his eyes. "…Unfortunately, he is still in a coma and has yet to awaken from it."

The air grew heavy.

"…I see," Rui remarked.

His tone was solemn. Yet, it also encapsulated the respect that Rui felt for the man for surviving not one but two Reverberating Death Lance attacks. It was an unprecedented feat and showed just how absurdly difficult the Gatekeeper was to actually put down.

"That's a shame," Rui shook his head. "I actually wanted to speak to him."

"We will inform you of if and when he awakens, Your Highness," Master Zentra remarked. "Unfortunately, the man's physical condition was actually more dire than yours." V/\IssịT n0(v)eL/b(i)(n).𝘤𝑜/𝓂 for the b/est novel reading experi/en/ce

Rui frowned, confused. "How does that even make any sense? I didn't inflict any real damage on him. His skull was so tough that I only managed to knock him out."

"That's because he is five hundred years old, Your Highness," Master Zentra remarked, heaving a deep sigh. "Even by Martial Artist standards, that is extremely old. His body has long moved past its prime. He is the equivalent of an eighty-year-old man. This is after prolonging his life significantly with potent life-prolonging potions. Healing potions are significantly less effective as are all medical treatments and healings, esoteric or otherwise. On top of that…"

-



Chapter 1822 Time

﻿1822  Time

"On top of that…" Master Zentra continued. "He used a powerful forbidden technique that granted him more than twice as much power as he normally wielded by burning his body in internal metabolic combustion. If not for your Hungry Pain technique, it would not be a technique that could be used without dying."

Rui understood everything that the Master was conveying to him. "…The problems caused by the forbidden technique and the blunt force trauma I inflicted on his brain have been exacerbated by his extremely aged body that responds very poorly to healing potions and any and all treatments?"

"That is a good summary of the issues," Headmaster Aronian nodded regretfully. "You suffered far, far more damage than he did, having brought to the very cusp of death. But because your body is extremely young, energetic, and brimming with youthful vitality, you have been able to recover swiftly under the very best medical care and resources the Martial Union could muster."

Rui nodded.

Despite being thirty-two years old, his body had remained entirely unchanged since the age of twenty-three, when he broke through to the Senior Realm. This was because the discovery of the Martial Heart strengthened the mitochondria of the cells of the body, erasing accumulated oxidative stress and preventing further stress from ensuing.

After all, the mitochondria was the powerhouse of the cell. In some ways, the Martial Heart was, in a sense, contained in the mitochondria of the cells. The mitochondria was most affected by the discovery of the Martial Heart.

In other words, his capacity to heal and recover was orders of magnitude greater than that of the Gatekeeper.

It was no wonder that he woke up earlier despite having suffered far greater damage than his opponent.

"…He shouldn't have used a forbidden technique so easily," Rui murmured with a hint of frustration. "What kind of a Martial Artist does that rather than adjusting their tactical and strategic approach?"

Frankly, one of the reasons that Rui didn't feel superior to the Gatekeeper was because the man could have won the battle had he not been so inflexible and rigid in his approach. Had he adapted his strategy to Rui's immense evasion and focused on wide-scale attacks that could not be avoided, he would have been able to inflict even greater damage on Rui, which probably would have won him the fight.

Master Zentra shook his head. "The same kind of man that rejects the power of a higher Realm due to the sacrifice of thought at the altar of physicality. It takes a special kind of man to unerringly and unhesitatingly abandon everything to elevate the body to the highest degree. A man who would opt to alter tactics and strategy is a man that would never have singlemindedly dedicated himself to the body at the cost of the Master Realm."V/\IssịT n0(v)eL/b(i)(n).𝘤𝑜/𝓂 for the b/est novel reading experi/en/ce

In other words, the Gatekeeper was not entirely sane.

He turned towards Rui. "…And if not for the fact that he was not entirely sane, he would not have gone down his path and discovered many new fields that have gone to become the Martial Paths of many. He would not have provided us with many potent training techniques for the Martial Body that have become part of universal paradigms."

Rui considered that.

"In that regard, you and he are quite similar," Master Zentra remarked.

Rui furrowed his eyebrows. "I'm entirely sane, though."

Instantly, he drew dubious and skeptical looks from those around him.

Not a single person believed a word he was saying.

This was slander, as far as Rui was concerned, but he couldn't be bothered with such a trivial matter at the moment.

"How long will it take for me to return to my peak?" Rui glanced at his arms, clenching his fists.

"I suspect that it will take you at least a few weeks of training," Master Zentra remarked. "However, there's no need to be in a hurry since you have already accomplished everything you need."

Yet Rui gritted his teeth. "It will probably take longer."

He had plenty of experience in the research of the return of injured combat sports fighters post-recovery, and it was not something that was quick and convenient.

Of course, the Martial Body was very different from the human body in some ways. But he also had a lot of experience with the Martial Body.

While the Martial Masters and other visitors around him were quite relaxed about the situation, Rui was inwardly cursing at the delays. He already had spent half a year winning the Kandrian Throne War, and now almost two more months would be gone into simply dealing with the consequences of his battle with the Gatekeeper.

With each passing day, the probability that he would find the Divine Dictor reduced. Now he had less than four years to find the damned doctor inside the Beast Domain.

"This is going to be rough," Rui murmured as his eyes wandered around.

At the very least, he had some time to give more thought to exactly what he was going to do to find the Divine Doctor.

As the Sloth Sage had reminded him, he could not just run into the Beast Domain and then begin searching blindly. He needed to take a more sensible approach to finding the Divine Doctor.

'The only consolation is that I do need a little bit of time to solidify my plans to find him,' Rui realized.

While the nine months prior to the previous one had been spent largely on building up his faction, he had planted many potential seeds that could help him find the Divine Doctor. Having Guildmaster Bradt research the human sages through his deep connectivity throughout the continent was one of them.

Now, he needed to consolidate the fruits of these searches so that he could pick out the most optimal path to finding the Divine Doctor and immediately begin his voyage to the Beast Domain. The sooner he could find the man, the sooner things could go back to exactly how they were.



Chapter 1823  First Avenue



As Rui belatedly realized, the ramifications of defeating the Gatekeeper were far greater than he had imagined. A new burden fell on his shoulders.

The title of the strongest Martial Senior in the Kandrian Empire.

This wasn't the first time that he had been acknowledged as the strongest of the Realm. He had experienced just this in the Apprentice and Squire Realms as well, but he didn't expect that he would thrust into the pinnacle this early.

He still felt a nagging sense of unworthiness.

It stemmed from the fact that he needed to activate Angel of Laplace before the battle began and stall while he furiously processed the technique.

This was all fine and well in a duel setting, but the fact of the matter was that most of the battles that Rui fought were not duels; they were genuine life-and-death battles. He would not always get the chance to simply activate Angel of Laplace before the battle began.

He also would have undoubtedly lost if the Angel of Laplace had not kickestarted the predictive model to initial completion. The Gatekeeper was so much stronger that even Rui's greatest trump card could only allow him to maintain a stalemate of not dying. "Tsk," Rui tutted, narrowing his eyes.

He had undoubtedly gotten closer to his goal, but the Angel of Laplace was one of the greatest beasts that he had ever had to tame. Short of the actual VOID algorithm itself, nothing gave him more trouble than the Angel of Laplace did.

The day he mastered it perfectly to be able to use it in combat seamlessly was the day that he would be entirely confident of being regarded as the strongest Martial Senior of Kandria. Until then, he could only strive to be worthy.

It wasn't just the respect and admiration he received from people in his orbit and beyond for defeating the Gatekeeper.

It was also the changes in attitude that people showed him when he got all the high-ranking government officials needed to commence the Coronation Ceremony. In the eyes of others, he was the de facto third Emperor of Kandria. He was undoubtedly the one who would ascend the throne and gain power that equaled the Martial Union's. He already was one of the most powerful people in human civilization.

He began receiving shows of deep deference from those around him, as he had already ascended the throne. It was a taste of what the Emperor undoubtedly went through his entire life.

People stopped seeing him for himself and were more prone to see the shadow of the throne and crown when they looked at him.

It was an unpleasant experience.

One that only reaffirmed his determination not to ascend the throne as Emperor.

Once he gained a good grasp of the circumstances that had unfolded in the month that he had been recovering, he immediately secluded himself in returning to his physical peak. While his health was entirely fine, his body lost a bit its habituation to exertion, strain, and stress.

Rather than training his techniques, he simply accustomed his body to getting pushed to the limit comfortably. This process would normally take far longer for humans, but the Martial Body was intended for the purpose of exertion, strain, and stress; thus, Rui expected to reach his peak much sooner.

He didn't intend to depart from the Kandrian Empire before he reached his peak. The Beast Domain was not a place he could afford to be when he was not at his very best. In addition to nurturing himself back to his physical peak, he continued aggressively researching the Divine Doctor. Naturally, he made sure to keep pretenses up and not let his true intentions be divulged, which wasn't easy, but he had gained more information on where he could find the man.

In the previous nine months, he had leveraged the massive network that he had gained as a result of expanding his faction to learn more about the human sages under the pretense of seeking to reel these extraordinary individuals into his faction to increase his political capital and to use their knowledge to the benefit of the empire.

It was a highly plausible excuse that did not evoke any suspicion because he was not the only one who had sought to achieve just this. Many powerful members of the ruling class of humanity had already tried to win over these incredible human sages.

Almost all of them failed.

Not for lack of trying.

It made sense that Rui was confident that he could succeed where others had failed due to how much power he had amassed across all of humanity.

Regardless, he leveraged his powerful faction to gain potential avenues of pursuit in order to find each of the human sages. While he pretended to care about all of them equally, he had secretly paid attention to the only person on the list of human sages that he cared about.

In regards to the Divine Doctor, there were a handful of potential avenues through which he could get a clearer answer for the location of this particular human sage.

The first was the Beggar Sage, the founder and current leader of the Beggar's Sect.

It was said that, across all of human civilization, the Beggar Sage was the most knowledgeable human of all time. The man was said to know everything that the Beggar's Sect knew. VịSit no(v)3lb/!n(.)c𝒐m for new 𝒏ov𝒆l𝒔

Rui found this particularly difficult to believe. Anyone who was aware of how the Beggar's Sect worked was aware of the sheer amount of information that this secret organization possessed. It was unfathomable.

Most estimates Rui had heard put the proportion of humanity that was secretly a part of the Beggar's Sect to be anywhere between six and nineteen percent of humanity. Even the lowest estimate still meant an absurdly large number of spies that fed information to the Beggar's Sect every single day.

Rui was deeply skeptical about whether he could even memorize the net entirety of the Beggar's Sect's information, even with his highly advanced Mind Palace technique.

-



Chapter 1824  Reincarnation and Prophecy



Of course, it was entirely possible that the Beggar Sage possessed a mind that exceeded even that of his own. While Rui had yet to come across anyone who was clearly superior to him in this regard, he did not think that he was the greatest that the Panama Continent had ever seen.

Partially because it was embarrassingly arrogant to think that his mind was the greatest to grace this world. Aside from that, he especially was not too skeptical because of the revelations that human sages were effectively immortals that could seem to be able to undo death or reincarnate. He knew reincarnation was possible.

He had gone through it himself, after all.

Furthermore, it was the reason that his mind was as powerful as it was. While he had been exceptionally bright even in his previous life, the growth that he gained through this life was unlike anything he had ever experienced.

If the immortal human sages experienced something similar, then he would not have any questions regarding their intellect. It would also explain why they were greatly superior to their contemporaries in their respective fields, massively outstripping anybody in their domain.

It was another reason that Rui looked forward to meeting with the Divine Doctor.

He had questions.

Questions pertaining to their immortality and how they managed to return from death.

For the first time in his entire life, he had found a clue to his magical reincarnation, the greatest miracle he had ever experienced in his life.

He would be lying if he said he wasn't dying of curiosity as to the truth about his reincarnation into the world of Gaia. N/nêw n0vel chap/ers are published o/n n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

Who wouldn't be?

He had simply resigned himself to putting away the matter on a day-to-day basis because he was helpless in finding out the answer. There was no point in thinking about it because there was nothing to be gained by doing so.

Now, however, there was finally an avenue of inquiry.

Of course, it was entirely possible that it was entirely disconnected from his reincarnation.

"Only one way to find out," Rui murmured. The Beggar Sage had reserved a spot as one possible avenue of pursuit of the Divine Doctor. As the leader of one of the most powerful intelligence and information broker organizations on the entire continent, he was undoubtedly highly credible.

Another avenue of consideration was the Transcendent Emperor of Britannia.

Rui had mixed feelings about this particular option.

As the future heir to the throne of the Kandrian Empire, he was diplomatically not on the best of terms with the Britannian Empire. On top of that, he was utterly helpless before a Martial Transcendent. None of the power that he amassed as a royal prince or as a Martial Artist could possibly resist the power of one of the thirteen pinnacle Martial Artists of all of human civilization. Not even the sum totality of the Martial Union could protect him from such a force.

The only consolation he had was that Martial Transcendents had a history of non-interventionism when it came to human matters. Based on that, the probability of the Martial Transcendent exercising his power to erase Rui was somewhat low, but Rui would be unable to stop him by any metric whatsoever.

Still, he was the second avenue of inquisition that Rui had considered.

The third option was the Panamic Adventurer's Guild.

This was the organization born to serve as a broker for Martial services pertaining to the Beast Domain. Essentially, it was a much larger version of the Martial Union that specifically dealt with commissions pertaining to the Beast Domain.

It was founded by the Venerable Venator, an extremely powerful Martial Sage, centuries ago and had grown into a behemoth of an organization over the years. The reason that it was in consideration was because it was the most knowledgeable organization when it came to the Beast Domain, and because of how extensively it dealt with that particular region of the Panama Continent.

Martial Artists who chose to register would be designated with the status of 'adventurer,' which was simply an occupation that specifically referred to those who chose to provide Martial Art services pertaining to the Beast Domain.

This was also an avenue that was worth exploring.

The fourth option was going down the same route as his father did. The Silas Clan.

His father had successfully found the Silas Clan and even made a deal with them to get him the Eye of Prophecy technique, which could significantly increase his chances of finding the Divine Doctor.

Unfortunately, he never got to use it. Probably because the technique would have harmed not just the woman he loved but their unborn child in her womb, Rui himself. Rui didn't know the exact principles of the forbidden technique, but it was a logical assumption that a technique that reduced lifespan would harm a fetus if used by the pregnant mother.

His father probably intended to wait until she gave birth and then have her consume the very best of life-prolonging potions before she executed the technique to help him find the Divine Doctor.

Alas, his mother died soon after giving birth to Rui, sealing that option for his father.

The question was whether this option was available to Rui even if his father had lost it. It was something that he needed to discuss with Sage Sayfeel. Otherwise, he highly doubted that he would be able to find the Silas Clan.

On top of that, he bore their blood. He was a descendant of the Silas Clan himself, not an outsider like his father. His ability to harness their power was probably much greater.

Of course, he also wanted to get his hands on the Eye of Prophecy technique. He would be lying if he wasn't deeply curious about this technique. The ability to peer into the future itself was an ability that was deeply important to him. It was the foundation of his pattern recognition system and his very initial solution to fulfilling Project Water itself.

-



Chapter 1825 Await

From the looks of it, the principles of the Eye of Prophecy and his pattern recognition system were not the same. For one, he could not freely peer into the future regarding anything. He needed data.

It didn't sound like the Silas Clan had this limitation. Of course, the limitation that they did have was that they needed to sacrifice their lifespan to accomplish the feat. That was an extremely heavy price, and Rui wasn't sure that he wanted to pay that price.

Still, when he thought about the enormous power he would gain if he added the Eye of Prophecy to his VOID algorithm…

He could not help but feel deep greed for it. Undoubtedly, it was an additional incentive for him to consider this option. This was especially true when there was a chance that he could extract the principles of the technique and mimic them to a lesser extent. In the best-case scenario, he could potentially completely get rid of the price of the technique.

If that did happen, life would be good.

He didn't count on it, though.

Unfortunately, these were the only four credible sources and avenues of pursuit. Information on the Divine Doctor was so scarce that nothing else credible even turned up.

With these options at hand, it all depended on how he wanted to go about it. It wasn't even the case that he strictly needed to pick one out of the four. He could potentially pursue all four options if he felt that there was merit to doing so.

'It all depends,' Rui narrowed his eyes. 'The cost of extracting information from these four sources is not going to be cheap.'

The Beggar's Sage would undoubtedly demand an enormous price. Any information that this was exclusive was bound to be priceless.

The same could be said for the Adventurer's Guild.

However, Rui preferred this path. He had a filthy amount of wealth at his disposal at the moment from all the donors of his campaign. He didn't really need the wealth anymore since he had brought about an end to the Kandrian Throne War.

It made perfect sense to use the great wealth at his disposal to find some initial basis for his journey to find the Divine Doctor.

What he ultimately needed was precise enough information for him to work with; after that, his personal power would be able to do the trick. He had abilities that he suspected no others did.

Unfortunately, while wealth was effective for two of the four options at his disposal, it was not enough to move Martial Transcendents or the Silas Clan. The Transcendent Emperor was the absolute ruler of a powerhouse nation. Trying to buy him was like trying to sell sand in a desert.

The Silas Clan was disconnected from human civilization. Wealth did not hold any meaning to them, for they avoided human civilization, becoming self-sufficient and nomadic.

On top of that, they were undoubtedly the most difficult of the four to find. Perhaps not as difficult as the Divine Doctor, but they were very difficult nonetheless. Rui didn't know if the remaining time he had left was enough to find them, learn their technique, and then find the Divine Doctor. That sounded almost impossible. N/nêw n0vel chap/ers are published o/n n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

Regardless, he didn't have all the time in the world to make a decision. With each passing day, he grew stronger and stronger, returning back to his peak. He needed to make decisions quickly.

The best choice was to test the waters with each of the possible avenues of exploration and proceed after seeing the response to his initial attempts to pursue them.

Depending on which option seemed to be the most receptive and promising, he could invest greater resources in finding them.

"Send delegations to the Britannian Empire, the Beggar's Sect, and the Adventurer's Guild."

His staff head tilted her head in confusion. "…Regarding what, Your Highness?"

"Express the desire that I, the future ruler of Kandria, desire to speak to the Britannian Emperor, the Beggar Sage, and the guildmaster of the Adventurer's Guild," Rui calmly informed her. "As what is effectively the confirmed ruler of a Sage-level powerhouse nation, they could not ignore me due to a lack of status."

Rui had no problem using his status and power to find a starting point to search for the Divine Doctor before he personally set out to search for him. It would be stupid to try and contact these powerful individuals as a mysterious Martial Senior.

At these levels, the Senior Realm was entirely beneath their time and energy, unfortunately.

"Have the Director of Diplomatic Affairs put together qualified individuals for delegations; they are to convey a handwritten letter from me to the designated recipients and convey my desire for a meeting with each of them," Rui replied.

"Understood, Your Highness."

As for the Silas Clan, he figured it was best if he sought them more personally than as a royal prince of the Kandrian Empire. It was also best not to tediously search for them when he had reliable sources of intelligence on them. He would simply contact Sage Sayfeel and then take a trip to the Silas Clan as his father once did when the time was right.

The days passed as Rui grew stronger and stronger, returning to his peak step by step. Whatever the Martial Union must have been immaculate, for he felt his body was identical to how it had been before.

It wasn't too long before his faction whipped up acceptable delegations, dispatching them to their designations. Rui's status had risen so far that it was something that could be ignored by essentially anybody in the Panamic Continent by virtue of his unshakable claim for the throne.

Within a matter of days, the delegations had reached their dispatched locations and were promptly received with great honor and hospitality. Within a week, they had completed their tasks and conveyed everything that Rui wanted them to.

Now, Rui simply had to wait and hear their official response to him and evaluate them based on it.

-



Chapter 1826 Beast Convergence

Alongside recovering from the ramifications of having used a forbidden technique, Rui also took the time to research the Beast Domain thoroughly. Regardless of the responses from the four avenues of inquiry, he would be entering the Beast Domain to find the Divine Doctor, but that didn't change.

While he wasn't training, he took it upon himself to familiarize himself with the Beast Domain.

It was only then that he realized that although the borders of the Beast Domain encompassed much were defined on map, the exact location where the Human Domain ended and where the Beast Domain began were not entirely clear.

It was more like a gradient.

When one reached the core of the domain, the Human Domain became increasingly scarce, while the Beast Domain became increasingly abundant. On paper, the Beast Domain was defined as the perimeter formed by the points where human settlement ended.

Even then, the maps continuously needed to be adjusted every year because humans kept encroaching on the territory of the Beast Domain every year, pushing the wildlife deeper and deeper every year.

The Beast Domain, as a whole, was extremely powerful. However, it was weakest at its edges and borders while strongest at its center. It grew stronger and stronger the deeper one went.

That was why humanity had been able to continuously conquer and colonize the territory of the Beast Domain throughout the Age of Martial Art. The edges of the Beast Domain were mostly filled Apprentice/Squire-level danger zones and regions that humanity could easily overpower with its Martial Artists.

This caused mass displacement of the fauna of the Beast Domain, causing them to migrate deeper into the Beast Domain to avoid the overpowering humans.

Over five hundred years, this had caused the population density of the Beast Domain to skyrocket, causing it to massively strain its ecosystems and disrupt the harmony of nature.

Rui furrowed his eyebrows as a thought immediately flashed to his mind.

"What happens when the Beast Domain revolts?"

In fact, Rui was surprised it hadn't happened already.

As prince and the de facto next emperor, Rui had access to a lot of information that he was otherwise not privy to.

The public was unaware of the mysteries of the Beast Domain, but that no longer applied to Rui.

"The Beast Convergence Theory?" Rui frowned.

"That's right, Your Highness," A woman standing before Rui smiled.

"Explain, Professor Clavenel," Rui furrowed his eyebrows.

The two of them were in an empty classroom. Rui had taken it upon himself to request the Minister of Education and the Minister of Research and Development to gain lessons from the most learned specialist and expert in the field of the Beast Domain.

"It is the answer to your earlier question," she replied, smiling. "The Beast Singularity Hypothesis was posited three hundred years ago by the Ecologer, a human sage who specializes in the Beast Domain, the very pinnacle of the field that I, myself, specialize in." Thê sourc𝗲 of this conte/nt n/o/v/(𝒆l)bi((n))

Rui narrowed his eyes.

He recognized the name, of course, having received immense information about the various human sages of humanity.

"The Beast Convergence Theory, today, is a well-accepted scientific theory in the field of ecology that states that all fauna in the Beast Domain, in general, is in a natural state of constant migration, or attempted migration, towards the center of the Beast Domain due to a non-evolutionary psychogenetic trait triggered by some universal environmental stimulus throughout the entirety of the Beast Domain," Professor Clavenel explained.

Rui's eyes lit up with curiosity. "Interesting. If this is a scientific theory, then what empirical evidence is presented?"

The scientific method of scientific induction was largely the same as it was back on Earth. Of course, it was slightly more lax and less rigorous due to the mysteries of the esoteric reality of Gaia, but it undoubtedly abided by the rules.

A scientific theory was a hypothesis that was falsifiable, made predictions about reality, and was formulated through inductive reasoning applied to empirical evidence along with the law of causality, the principle of uniformity of nature, and Occam's Razor.

"Of course, there is a litany of evidence, largely centered around measuring the displacement and migration patterns of many specific regions over years and even decades, that points to a certain truth that the fauna of the Beast Domain does indeed appear to be in a constant of migration towards the center of the Beast Domain," Professor Clavenel. "You can visit the literature on your own if you're interested in the details."

"But can it not be attributed to the continuous encroachment and expansion into the Beast Domain that humanity is slowly but steadily doing over centuries?" Rui frowned.

"The rate of human expansion and encroachment only accounts for about fifty percent of mass attempted immigration towards the core of the Beast Domain," the Professor explained. "The remaining fifty percent absolutely cannot be justified by human expansion and colonialism. There are entire regions that are entirely unaffected by human expansion that appear to be constantly trying to migrate toward the center of the Beast Domain by what appears to be primal instinct."

"…Interesting," Rui furrowed his eyebrows, turning to the professor. "You said it was the answer to my earlier question. The question as to why the Beast Domain has not revolted yet?"

"Indeed," The professor nodded with an erudite demeanor. "In the five hundred years since the dawn of the Age of Martial Art, humanity has very slowly but steadily expanded, encroached, and colonized a substantial part of the Beast Domain. There was a time many centuries ago when most of the continent was the Beast Domain; now, only roughly twenty percent of it is. The general consensus amongst scholars is that the Beast Convergence Theory is the reason that the Beast Domain has not revolted against humanity. Due to the fact that the fauna of the beast domain is constantly migrating towards the center naturally, the proclivity to turn around and retaliate against humanity is minimal."

Rui narrowed his eyes. "Everything has a limit, professor. Humanity has already pushed the denizens of the Beast Domain extremely far. What happens if we cross the line? What happens if one day, the Beast Domain decides, 'Enough is enough,' and decides to turn around and revolt against humanity?"

The professor took a moment to consider his question, closing her eyes.

"Then the Age of Martial Art will experience an apocalypse."

She opened her eyes, meeting Rui's gaze.

"An apocalypse hitherto undreamt of."

-



Chapter 1827 Results

Her words were ominous but very true.

Nonetheless, the lessons continued as Rui made judicial use of the expertise of someone who had dedicated her entire life to the study of the Beast Domain.

Even gaining a foundational understanding of the Beast Domain was eye-opening to Rui. Before, what was a mystery born from ignorance was now a mystery born from understanding. The Beast Domain was nothing short of a domain of fantasies, mysteries, and tribulations.

From Lost Cities to dungeons, to exotic topographies and regions, even worlds within worlds. All manner of nonsense consistently unfolded within the depths of the Beast Domain.

Things that didn't make sense. Th.ê most uptod/at𝓮 n𝒐vels a/re published on n(0)velbj)n(.)c/o/m

At another time, Rui would have loved to spend more time learning about them, but alas, he didn't have time.

The Beggar Sage and the guildmaster of the Adventurer's Guild had heeded his call for a meeting.

Unfortunately, the Transcendent Emperor appeared to have not even bothered to deign to issue a response.

Rui furrowed his eyebrows. "Not even a verbal response?"

"No sir…" The lead ambassador of the delegation that Rui had sent to the Britannian Emperor. "Nothing."

Rui heaved a sigh. "Try one last time; if nothing, then thank them for the hospitality, complete the formalities, and return to the Kandrian Empire."

He didn't expect a second try to be any different. It appeared that the Martial Transcendent hadn't even deemed Rui worthy of his acknowledgment.

Perhaps it was because Rui had attempted to use his royal status rather than purely on the merit of his Martial Art.

The Britannian Empire was a Martialocracy. It was a system that only respected Martial power. Rui, being a Martial Senior, was so far beneath the Transcendent Emperor that it wasn't even funny.

'I can cross him out as a potential means to reach the Divine Doctor,' Rui shook his head. 'Time to focus on the two positive outcomes.'

The Beggar Sage of the Beggar's Sect seemed receptive to Rui's attempts to reach him. It almost made Rui feel nervous to meet him. This was an extraordinarily powerful man at the center of a web of information. He possessed an enormous amount of power, enough to make even Rui pause warily.

Even though the Beggar's Sect could not match the Kandrian Empire's net military and Martial power, it had massively infiltrated the Kandrian Empire at countless levels. No organization was free from the Beggar's Sect.

If the Beggar Sage wanted, he could inflict untold damage upon the Kandrian Empire.

Of course, if he did that, he would make himself the Kandrian Empire's enemy. That was something that not even he could afford to get away with unless he had many Martial Sages protecting him always.

Reaching the Beggar Sage had been easy. The Beggar's Sect was everywhere; Rui simply dispatched a formal delegation to the Lambargeau and Xavier Legal Services in the town of Hajin.

Very rapidly, the message shot through the web of information of the Beggar's Sect that spread through the entire continent, reaching the ears of the man in charge.

According to the Lambargeau and Xavier Legal Services, the man at the top had agreed instantly.

"However, he is only willing to speak to you remotely, Your Highness," the lead ambassador sitting before Rui explained. "He is not willing to entertain a physical meeting under any circumstances."

Rui expected that. "That's fine. Arrange a meeting as soon as possible."

"The Guildmaster of the Adventurer's Guild is enthusiastic about speaking to you and is pleased to receive your outreach," his third lead ambassador replied, handing Rui a written missive from the guild master himself.

"Hmmm…" Rui narrowed his eyes as he read through it.

The Guildmaster of the Adventurer's Guild was known to be a highly competent and distinguished administrator and manager appointed by the Veritable Venator himself. This man also had access to all the information of the Adventurer's Guild. The real-time accuracy and precision of his understanding of the Beast Domain undoubtedly exceeded that of even the Beggar's Sage.

It made sense that the guildmaster of the Adventurer's Guild was eager to cater to Rui. The Adventurer Guild always needed to maintain strong diplomatic ties with nations and states of human civilization.

It would be difficult to continue its stated goal to explore and understand the Beast Domain to aid humanity with and against the Beast Domain if it made too many enemies within humanity.

The Kandrian Empire, while furthest away from the Beast Domain, was still a powerhouse of East Panama. One in the position of the guildmaster of the Adventurer's Guild did not ignore its de facto heir to the throne.

"Inform the guildmaster that I would be happy to visit him," Rui replied.

This worked perfectly in Rui's favor.

At some point, before departing for the Beast Domain, he would need to switch with Master Reina and sneak away unnoticed.

It was almost impossible to do in the Kandrian Empire.

However, the invitation by the guildmaster of the Adventurer's Guild gave him the opportunity to leave the Kandrian Empire officially. After meeting with the guildmaster and hearing what he needed to hear, he would switch out with Master Reina and then head out for the Beast Domain.

Then, Master Reina would return to the Kandrian Empire as Rui.

She didn't need to do anything significant as Rui when she returned. The campaign was done, and the Kandrian Throne War effectively came to an end. She just needed to ensure that nobody caught wind of the fact that he was gone.

His eyes narrowed as he plotted timelines for the plan he had just conceived. He needed to ensure that nothing went wrong while coordinating with Master Reina to ensure the timing was just perfect.

"Arrange for the meeting with the Beggar Sage first," Rui replied. "I need to meet him before I meet with the guild master."

Using the information about the Divine Doctor that the Beggar Sage might give him in conjugation with the guildmaster's depth of real-time knowledge with the Beast Domain would be best at finding a good initial basis begin his journey to find the Divine Doctor.

-



Chapter 1828 Seen Through

BADUMP!

Rui's Martial Heart flared into power.

A tsunami of power erupted from deep within his body.

His cells shook as a maelstrom of power gushed from deep within them to far beyond, spreading across the entire body.

His circulatory system lit up a brilliant bright red from his chest across the entirety of his body, giving him an aura that the ignorant would mistake as godly.

His body brimmed with energy. V/\IssịT n0(v)eL/b(i)(n).𝘤𝑜/𝓂 for the b/est novel reading experi/en/ce

His quivered with power.

His eyes flared with a faint glow as he opened them, inspecting his entire body.

"I've finally returned to my peak."

After a month of gradually intensifying rehabilitative training, he gradually coaxed his body to return to its state before the battle with the Gatekeeper.

While the sensation of returning to his peak was pleasing, he was not pleased.

His eyes narrowed as his fists clenched. "Two months…"

He snuffed his Martial Heart, tutting with displeasure.

He didn't like the fact that he had to waste so much time just recovering and rehabilitating from the consequences of using the forbidden metabody technique.

It was a painful reminder of why the technique was forbidden.

If not for the fact that the Gatekeeper had also very willingly used a forbidden technique to win the battle with brute force, he would have never dared to use the technique. Two months was too much of a cost to pay, as far as he was concerned.

Especially when he was pressured by a deadline.

Now, he only had roughly three years and ten months left.

KNOCK KNOCK

"Come in."

"Your Highness," His secretary walked in.

"It is time for your remote appointment with the Beggar Sage."

"Hm," Rui donned his outer attire before departing from the training room. "Let's get going then."

His mind drifted about to the many thoughts he had had when thinking about the Beggar Sage when planning this meeting.

What was the best way to extract information from this man?

Money.

Not every single person had complicated or mysterious motives.

In fact, most people had transparent motives.

The Beggar's Sect was an information broker. It was a commercial organization that collected and gathered information to sell it at a profit.

Of course, money was not the sole objective of the Beggar's Sect. It had other interests. Clearly, it was an organization that worked towards its agenda of protecting the primacy of the common man in an age that glorified and pedestalized Martial Art.

Of course, Rui did not need to be a consummate politician to be cognizant of the fact that their agenda to protect the common man was not from a place of kindness and compassion like Prince Raul.

It was simply power.

The common man was the Beggar's Sect only source of power. The common man was the reason that the Beggar's Sect was a powerhouse. They were simply using Raul to protect their power.

He was also aware of the fact that while he had a history of cooperation with the organization and had built a working rapport, there was a conflict of interests between him and the Beggar's Sect.

They had supported the People's Prince, whom Rui had utterly defeated in the Kandrian Throne War.

This complicated their relationship.

They were not enemies.

However, they were never friends, and the rapport he had built with the organization had been damaged by the revelation of his princehood and his successful campaign for the throne.

Still, he was relatively certain that the Beggar's Sect did not hate him as a candidate for the throne. During his campaign announcement, he conveyed a strong determination not to disenfranchise the common man. He had even disclosed very practical and undeniable reasons why he would be able to do even more for the citizens of Kandria than even his father did.

In other words, he was the next best option after Raul in their eyes.

That was why he had hoped he would be able to extract the information that he needed.

This meeting was important.

The closer he walked toward the meeting room, the more it weighed down on him. If the Beggar Sage did not cooperate, he was probably screwed. He highly doubted that the Silas Clan alone would be able to provide him with the key he needed.

What he needed was pertinent information from a highly credible source. The Beggar Sage was just that. As a fellow sage of humanity, his words are of deep value to Rui.

"Let me begin by saying I deeply appreciate the fact that you took the time to speak to me despite the immensely busy schedule that the leader of the Beggar's Sect is undou-"

"-Make it quick."

An inhumanly raspy voice with deep impatience emerged from the orb before him in the isolated room where he was to speak with the Beggar Sage.

There wasn't even a visual projection and the voice that the orb projected was altered beyond any hope of recognition.

Rui was taken aback by his rudeness and lack of formality, but he actually preferred it to stuffy formality.

His eyes narrowed.

"Where is the Psycher, the Astromind, the Scrier, and the Divine Doctor?"

He made sure to not change so much a hint of his cadence in regards to the final name.

The air grew heavy.

It grew tumultuous.

"..."

Rui furrowed his eyebrows.

"…Kek."

Rui could almost hear him grinning widely on the other side.

"Kekeke…" He began laughing uncontrollably. "HEHEHAHAHEEE…!!"

Rui narrowed his eyes as the man burst into guffaw, laughing uncontrollably!

"…You, you little trickster," A hint of excitement entered his voice. "You almost fooled me."

"…What do you mean?"

"Hah, searching for the human sages," the man snorted.

Rui could hear his excitement.

"You only care for one name on that list of names, don't you?"

Rui narrowed his eyes. "I don't know what you're-"

"-Spare me the bullshit."

His voice was nonchalant.

"Don't forget who needs who here," he growled. "I don't mind cutting this call short right here and now."

Rui closed his eyes. "…Fine."

He didn't know how, but somehow, the Beggar Sage saw right through him just by hearing his voice.

"Where is the Divine Doctor?"

-



Chapter 1829 Follow the Chaos

"Kekeke…" The man cackled at Rui's expense. "HEHEHEAHAHEHEWEHAHEHE!"

His uneven laugh made Rui feel nervous.

It was already bad enough that man saw through Rui from a mile away.

He didn't even understand how.

It would be one thing if a Martial Master was standing right before him, staring into his eyes with their extraordinary senses. But the man was only exposed to an imperfect recording and projection of his voice an unimaginable distance away.

Yet, through an imperfect replication of Rui's voice, he was able to grasp his intentions.

That was a feat of insight that exceeded any other Rui had ever personally witnessed. Just how much about Rui would he be able to learn if he actually stood before him?

It was a question Rui didn't want answered.

"I see," the man mused. "You want to heal the Emperor of Harmony, hm?"

Rui narrowed his eyes.

"Relax," the Beggar Sage's voice reassured. "The agreement specified that nothing in this conversation would be divulged. The Beggar Sage keeps his word."

Rui could almost hear the smile emerge on his face.

"Still, you should be more careful, boy."

"Kekeke…" The man cackled. "You can't be this transparent. Still, healing the Emperor of Harmony, hm?"

He seemed to be considering the matter. "Not a terrible outcome."

"Are you willing to help me?" N/nêw n0vel chap/ers are published o/n n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

That was the only thing that Rui cared to know.

"…Alright," the Beggar Sage relented. "Why not? You and I do have a history of working together. I'll help you out. It will cost you, of course."

"How much?"

"Hm, let's say nine hundred and ninety-nine million gold coins."

Rui winced at the number.

It was an absurdly high for a piece of information.

"Don't think like that; fact of the matter is that it's more than just the value of the information you're paying for," the man remarked. "My time is valuable. If this call never happened, then that is the equivalent of the money I could have earned if I truly wanted to. It is the bare minimum."

Rui narrowed his eyes. "Information first. You know where to find me if I break our deal. If you cut the call right now, then I'll never find you."

"Kekeke…What good is knowing where you are when you are protected by a powerful faction?" The man chuckled. "But alright, Rui Quarrier Kandria, I'll humor you. You have a history of credibility and reliability to us, after all."

Rui waited impatiently as the man cleared his throat dramatically, taking his time.

"To answer your question, the Divine Doctor is the Beast Domain," the Beggar Sage nonchalantly revealed. "I don't know exactly where, but certainly not in a danger zone of the Upper realms. That's too much even for his skills."

"Beast Domain…I see," Rui did his best to feign ignorance, modulating his voice just right.

Yet, it was in vain.

"Kekeke…So you already knew that the Divine Doctor is in the Beast Domain," the man cackled with amusement. "What you seek is a more precise location, hm? Well, I cannot give you the exact coordinates if that was what you were hoping for. Still…"

He grinned. "I could help you out with finding him."

Rui heaved a sigh.

He was indeed hoping for exact coordinates.

"Any and all information that you have that might help with finding him will be appreciated," Rui replied.

"The Divine Doctor is a…disruptive man."

Rui narrowed his eyes at that.

"He's a man of chaos. Everywhere he goes, he brings and leaves chaos. He disrupts the order and harmony of every place he goes to with every waking step he takes. This one time, shortly after I founded the Beggar's Sect many centuries ago, I let him enter our then-taskforce, and he completely disrupted our operations with his incessant poking and interruption. By the time he left, my newfound headquarters was burned to the ground. Kekeke…!"

The Beggar Sage continued talking with wistful reminiscence before finally catching himself.

"The point being…" The man grinned. "…a man who leaves chaos in his wake is a man who can be traced."

Rui's eyes sharpened at those words. "…If that were the case, wouldn't he have been found by everybody who sought him?"

"Hehe, only if you have ever met the Divine Doctor in person," the Beggar Sage cackled. "If you don't know what the Divine Doctor is like. You're never going to catch him. He's too good."

Rui frowned. "If he's a doctor, then why is he so good at being covert? Not even an assassin Martial Master would be this hard to track."

"It is because he's not a Martial Master that he cannot be identified easily," the Beggar Sage grinned on the other side. "If you ever ran into him in person, you would never think he is the famed Divine Doctor even in your wildest dream. Kekeke!"

The man cackled.

"Chaos, hm?" Rui narrowed his eyes.

"That's right, follow the chaos," the Divine Doctor grinned. "The question is, how do you follow the chaos in a world that is filled with chaos? That is why not even the Beggar's Sect is able to find him."

"If you know this much, then can't you find him yourself?" Rui narrowed his eyes. "You are touted to be among the very most knowledgeable people in the world."

"Kekeke, you would think so, but alas, I am powerless in the Beast Domain," the man shrugged lightly. "If there is one avenue where my sect is unable to know much about, it would be the Beast Domain."

Rui understood.

The Beggar's Sect relied on a supply of information from the common man, who was entirely absent from the Beast Domain, crippling their sole greatest strength. On top of that, information about the Beast Domain was largely collected with a combination of Martial Artists and esoteric technology, an avenue where the Beggar's Sect was deficient compared to everybody else.

Of course, the Beggar's Sect made do by simply stealing information that others collected through their spies in their ranks, but that was hardly optimal.

-



Chapter 1830 Diagnosing a Patient

It explained why the Beggar Sage was unable to know the exact location of the Divine Doctor.

"Is that all?" Rui narrowed his eyes. "'Follow the chaos' is not advice that is worth nearly a billion gold coins."

The Beggar Sage cackled. "That is true. However, I can give you the Divine Doctor's location before he entered the Beast Domain. While I do not know where he went to the Beast Domain, I can definitely tell you where he entered it."

Rui's eyes lit up in interest. "That would definitely be helpful. I will definitely be needing that service."

"I'll have it sent to you," the Beggar Sage dismissively replied.

"What about his appearance?" Rui narrowed his eyes. "I need an identifier to know that he is the person that I am looking for."

"Kekeke, I'm afraid not," the man cackled. "Appearances mean nothing to any human sage, but especially not to the Divine Doctor. He can change his appearance like he changes his clothes."

Rui's eyes widened with surprise.

That was something that Master Reina accomplished with a Master-level technique. The fact that he could accomplish that with his mastery of human physiology was rather shocking.

It also explained part of why he was almost impossible to track.

"Anything else?" Rui narrowed his eyes.

"One thing you need to pay attention to is the manner in which he survives the Beast Domain," the Beggar Sage advised. "If you already knew that he was in the Beast Domain, then don't you wonder how he survives there as a human?"

"I do," Rui thoughtfully replied. "I presume it's due to his knowledge and expertise."

"He is not an expert of the Beast Domain; I can assure you of that much," the Beggar reassured. "He uses expertise in medicine and biology to arm himself with solutions to things that would ordinarily kill any ordinary human instantly. When you understand the depths of anatomy and physiology that he does, you are able to use it beyond just for diagnosis and treatment."

The Beggar Sage grinned. "However, because his solutions are so unique, they will undoubtedly leave markers and outcomes that are especially unique. Thus, what you need to pay attention to is not just chaos but unique chaos. That is the only way to track the Divine Doctor in the Beast Domain."

Rui was getting a headache.

The Divine Doctor's covert practices were so effective that not even the Beggar Sage could advise him beyond 'look for unique chaos.'

However, it was extremely useful to gain the entry point into the Beast Domain to Divine Doctor had taken. When within the Human Domain, the Beggar's Sect was top dog in the intelligence industry, it appeared that even the Divine Doctor was subject to.

The issue was the Beast Domain.

'If only the Divine Doctor wasn't in the Beast Domain,' Rui heaved a sigh.

"You were just thinking, 'if only the Divine Doctor weren't in the Beast Domain,' weren't you?" The Beggar Sage cackled. "I can understand your sentiment."

"What is he even doing in the Beast Domain?" Rui narrowed his eyes. "He's a doctor. He's not supposed to be anywhere near the Beast Domain."

"Tsk tsk," the Beggar Sage tutted disapprovingly. "So prejudiced. Are doctors not allowed to enter the Beast Domain?"

"Don't be sophistical," Rui narrowed. "You know what I mean. What is his purpose in being in the Beast Domain?"

"The answer to your question is quite simple," the Beggar Sage grinned. "The Divine Doctor is always true to his profession no matter what. His purpose for any action is always true to his profession."

"True to being a doctor? In the Beast Domain?" Rui raised an eyebrow.

"What do doctors do?" The Beggar Sage inquired with amusement.

"…diagnose, treat, and cure."

"Exactly."

"You're telling me that he's meeting a patient in the Beast Domain?" Rui frowned.

"No, he has already met the patient," the Beggar Sage grinned. "He entered the Beast Domain to diagnose the illness."

Rui frowned. "That makes no sense whatsoever."

"Kekeke!" The Beggar Sage cackled. "I'm afraid I cannot divulge the truth of this particular matter, young Prince of the Void. You will have to learn the truth from him if you want to know. After all, I would not want him to blab all the important secrets he knows about me."

Rui frowned as he considered the man's words.

He had already met the patient. Th.ê most uptod/at𝓮 n𝒐vels a/re published on n(0)velbj)n(.)c/o/m

He entered the Beast Domain to diagnose the illness.

The phrasing of this particular statement was pointedly strange to Rui. If the patient was in the Beast Domain, then why not just say, 'He is in the Beast Domain to treat the patient'?

But he denied that the Divine Doctor was entering the Beast Domain to meet the patient.

How did one diagnose an illness without meeting the patient?

Rui narrowed his eyes as an absurd possibility popped into his mind

"Forget the purpose of his entry into the Beast Domain," the Beggar Sage advised, drawing his attention. "It isn't going to help you find the Divine Doctor; I can assure you of that much. The best way to find him in the Beast Domain is to follow his lingering trails."

Rui narrowed his eyes at those words.

It certainly was true that he didn't give a damn about the Divine Doctor's purpose in the Beast Domain if it didn't help him find him. It simply didn't matter what crackpot reason the Divine Doctor had chosen to do something as insane as personally entering the Beast Domain as a human doctor.

"…Fine, anything else I should know?" Rui huffed.

"Hehehe," the Beggar Sage started cackling at Rui's frustrated tone. "Don't be like that, young Prince. The location of the Divine Doctor's entry into the Beast Domain and his path around humanity is something that no other organization in the world can tell you. I can assure you that I alone am the only one who possesses this knowledge. You won't regret purchasing it from me."

-



