Chapter 2150  Consulting an Expert



The only way he could see this being leaked was if someone with an extremely intimate understanding of breakthroughs got a good look at Rui's Martial Art.

"The only circumstance that that could possibly happen would be the Panamic Martial Federation or…" Emperor Rael narrowed his eyes. "The Virodhabhasa Theocracy."

This was one of the biggest concerns of his plan.

He had always known that his son had managed to attract the religiosity of certain fanatics of the religion and the nation-state, thanks to some of his 'gifts' that made him resemble the deity of the religion superficially.

However, while his son had come to view it as a nuisance, Rael came to see it as a potential blessing. When it was on one's side, there was no better ally than a religious fanatic, for these fellows were the type to fight for their religious causes without demanding any compensation in return.

The biggest issue was that these fanatics were unpredictable.

It was possible that they would ally with the Kandrian Empire against evil 'heretics' trying to harness the power of their deity for their own greedy purposes, and it was possible that they might join the other three powerhouses in attacking the Kandrian Empire to procure their precious deity from the clutches of the unbelievers of Kandria.

Rael did not deem it worth his time to gain a good contextual understanding of the precise mindset of the believers to model their fanaticism.

Especially when he had a reliable expert on the matter.

"So, what do you think, mother?" He found himself gazing at his mother-in-law from atop his throne, having called her to consult her opinion on the matter.

"First of all, don't call me that." She scowled at him. "Secondly, I'm different from the antithetants of the main faith. I'm a prophetant; I don't believe in the divinity of Lord Virodhabhasa. I believe in the divinity of the Transcendent Prophet."

Emperor Rael heaved a tired sigh. "Ah, yes. You conveniently think that prophecies and prophets are the true divinity. I also happen to notice that the Silas Clan is a clan of prophets and prophecies. In other words, you lot think that you are divine."

"We follow the path of divinity, but yes."

"That's not narcissistic at all," Emperor Rael remarked sarcastically. "You still haven't answered my question. Is it possible to gain the Virodhabhasa Theocracy's support in this war by presenting Rui as their precious Lord Virodhabhasa?"

Unfortunately, her answer was not what he wanted to hear.

"It won't work as you want," she warned him. "If the Cardinal Council truly does come to believe that Rui is the Antithesis, then they certainly will help with this war, but they will have to wage a second war after to pry him from the grips of the Kandrian Empire."

Emperor Rael's eyes grew severe. "Are you sure that they cannot be later convinced that he isn't truly the Antithesis that they worship?"

"You cannot later convince them that he isn't the Antithesis because…" She narrowed her eyes. "…There is a high chance that he is."

The air in the throne room grew heavier.

Silence lingered in the atmosphere as Matriarch Nephi met his powerful peering gaze with firm eyes.

Emperor Rael narrowed his eyes.

"What did you say?"

"You heard me." She snorted. "This is not something that is particularly hard to believe either. Just look at the things he has accomplished. The Antithesis is described as a being from another world, possessing supreme Martial power that dwarfs all other forces in the world. A being with power antithetical to all other powers in the world. A being with the power to raise and raze Martial Paths."

Her tone was profoundly sincere.

She believed every word she said.

"Are you seriously trying to convince me that my son is the deity of a religion, a being from another world with supreme power?" Emperor Rael stared at her with incredulity. "Do you actually believe that?"

"I grow increasingly convinced it is the truth with each passing day," she calmly voiced her convictions. "Yet, as a prophetant, I understand the importance of not worshiping Lord Virodhabhasa precisely because it will harm his path to becoming the Antithesis that many worship. He must find his own path to fulfill the Divine prophecy."

"…Forget it," he heaved a sigh. "I shall limit myself to leveraging Rui's political favor with them as the Virodhabhasa Champion. Based on your words, the risks and ramifications of them finding out cross the threshold of tolerable risk."

Emperor Rael took calculated risks when he had a deep grasp and high certainty on the probabilities of the possible outcomes.

Currently, the Virodhabhasa Theocracy was far too great a risk factor for someone as prudent as him to rashly play around with. He didn't have as extensive a foundation in dealing with them as he did the three Sage-level powerhouses of East Panama.

"…Not everyone in the Theocracy is a genuine believer," she informed him. "Many do believe in the Antithesis; however, many are agnostic and even atheistic. Thus, convincing them of your son's divinity is going to be extremely difficult, for they inherently treat any such claim with great skepticism due to how many fakers there are. However, the consequences of convincing the Cardinal Council will be grave. Those foolish antithetants will try to mold the Antithesis in their designs when the only design that fits him should be that of the Divine Prophecy. Tsk, this is why I hate antithetants…"

As she continued babbling on why antithetants were foolish and bad, Emperor Rael had already zoned out.

If the Theocracy could not be harnessed, then he had no qualms of throwing away the plan.

As much as he loved to manipulate theocratic religion, he didn't understand the nuances of the deep and complex theology to predict its adherents, and the person who did had made it clear that it was not a direction worth pursuing.

The good news was that it was one less risk of an information leak.

"That leaves the Panamic Martial Federation and Rui's mandatory visit…" n/o/vel/b//in dot c//om

-



Chapter 2151  A Visit and Briefing



Emperor Rael knew that there was a good chance that the Republic of Gorteau and the Sekigahara Confederate would consider Rui as a strong point of investigation to obtain the means of mass breakthrough.

Not because they had some reason to suspect that he himself was responsible for them

No.

But because of how powerful his position within the Kandrian Empire was.

Not only was he a prince of the Royal Family, but he was also a member of the Master Council. In addition, prior to Emperor Rael's return, he was undoubtedly the most powerful man in the Kandrian Empire.

If there was anybody who would know, it was surely the Void Prince.

"So you're saying I need to be careful when I visit the Panamic Martial Federation?" Rui asked, raising an eyebrow.

"Very." Emperor Rael nodded. "As much as I would rather you didn't, all constituents of the Federation must agree to a universal briefing on the state of affairs and certain truths that they believe that each Martial Master is entitled and obliged to know. Thus, the Martial Union will be answerable if you don't visit the Federation. In addition, it will make you look more suspicious if you don't "

Rui gazed at his father quizzically. "It begs the question that, if you and the Martial Union know what the Panamic Federation will brief me on, why do I have to even go all the way to the Panamic Martial Federation to partake in this little briefing instead of getting it done through you guys?"

"It was an arrangement that the various forces of the Martial World came to agree upon, including the Martial Union," Emperor Rael explained. "They believed that it would be good for Martial Art in the long run."

"…Is it to ensure that each Martial Master is operating with a similar understanding of the world?" Rui raised an eyebrow. "If Martial Masters were briefed on the state of affairs and the truth of the Martial World by their own organizations, then it reduced the common understanding of the world that each Martial Master operated upon. This, in turn, would reduce the prospects of cooperation for mutual interests as Martial Artists, which would be to the detriment of Martial Art."

Rui quickly deduced the truth based on the hints in Rael's words.

His father smiled. "Correct. Martial Artists are no less vulnerable to propaganda than normal humans are. In fact, they may be even more vulnerable to some forms of propaganda. Regardless, the martial forces of this continent came together and created a shared, mutually agreed-upon briefing of this world to impart a common worldview of the state of the power struggles that unfold at the highest echelons of human civilization."

"I suppose that is nice and all, but I'm not really seeing the viability of such an arrangement," Rui replied. "After all, propaganda is useful for instilling loyalty. Why would organizations let go of such a useful tool and allow their Martial Artists to gain a realer outlook for the greater good?"

"There are incentive structures in place that compel them to do so," Emperor Rael replied. "The Panamic Martial Federation functions as a Martial broker on an international scale, able to do for Martial Masters and Sages what the Martial Union does for Martial Artists of the Lower Realms."

Rui's eyes lit up with interest. "Tell me more."

"The Martial Union is indeed powerful, but it is not equipped to serve Martial Artists of the Upper Realms as well as it does those of Lower Realms," Emperor Rael explained. "I'm sure you've experienced that shift as you grow stronger. You are able to do more for the Union than it is able to do for you. You have a position of great power and responsibility within the Union, and it relies on you more while you rely on it less."

Rui nodded as he pondered about how his relationship with the Martial Union had shifted over his career as a Martial Artist.

There certainly was a large difference, even though the changes had been subtle and over a large span of time.

He had gone from being an Apprentice with a lot of potential to a Squire and Senior of strategic interest, to the golden and, eventually, platinum boy of the Martial Union. Both his regard and need for the Union had reduced.

"The Panamic Martial Federation taps into networks of all Martial organizations to access every inch of the continent and all markets of Martial Art," Emperor Rael continued. "As a Master, the market that is able to afford your services is much smaller than the market for the Lower Realms. That is why an organization that can stretch across the entire continent is useful, able to squeeze out all market opportunities from everywhere instead of just East Panama. Although, I suppose it isn't relevant to you since you haven't accepted a commission in a long time. Very unusual for a Martial Artist your age."

His words put Rui into deep thought. "It has been a long time since I thought about it. I have gained so many more lucrative streams of income that they're frankly meaningless to me. Still…"

He stirred at the memories of the many missions he had completed back when he had been an Apprentice and Squire.

"Maybe I should consider undertaking one from the Panamic Martial Federation when I visit it."

"I would rather you get the initiation and membership done before the war begins." Emperor Rael's tone grew more serious. "There isn't much time left. War is soon to come. After it begins, you won't have the opportunity to get these things done."

Rui grew more solemn at his words. "I bet the three Sage-level powerhouses are pissed off by the revelations of the mass breakthroughs."

"Not nearly as much as they'll be when they realize that they can't have it." Emperor Rael calmly added. "Now go. Make sure you prepare to ensure that your departure does not cause any suspicion to fall upon you."

-n/o/vel/b//in dot c//om



Chapter 2152  Compelling Sages



Rui wasn't sure what to expect from his visit to the Panamic Martial Federation. However, he did look forward to it nonetheless. Whatever it was, it was undoubtedly important if it demanded the visit of all martial masters.

However, he couldn't just up and leave immediately.

He knew that if he left and the mass breakthroughs stopped happening for a while, then it would be no different from announcing to the world that he had some connection to the mass breakthroughs.

Therefore, he made sure to break enough Apprentices through to keep up appearances even when he was gone.

He didn't need to worry about breaking enough Squires and Seniors through, though. After all, that was still a secret. Thus, no one would notice that halting even if he stopped.

He took his father's advice to get it done before the war began quite seriously. He knew that it wouldn't break out until the three other Sage-level powerhouses gave up on learning the mass breakthrough method and decided to focus on destroying the Kandrian Empire before it grew too strong to be stopped.

"No more than a year," Rui estimated. "The first year is usually one where the most amount of progress is made. If they fail to make any meaningful progress in the first year, then they will most likely conclude that it isn't worth spending what is shaping up to be decades and centuries of effort to crack the truth."

After all, all large and long-term intelligence objectives had diminishing returns as time went on. n/ô/vel/b//in dot c//om

Furthermore, this was just the consequence of one revolutionary power. The three powerhouses didn't even know about the other treasures of the Kandrian Empire, such as the Elder Tree Connection, the training manifold, and the Divine Doctor, yet.

Once they did, they would realize how imperative destroying the Kandrian Empire before it forever escaped their clutches was. Rui was sure that that would be the day when they not just waged war but did so with the full determination to not let the Kandrian Empire escape whatsoever.

Frankly, Rui still wasn't entirely sure as to how his father intended to deal with the combined might of three powerhouses. Regardless, he left it to his father. If there was anyone who could do it, it was his father, and Rael didn't need his son's help in this matter.

"I need your help in this matter." Emperor Rael gazed at Rui from atop his throne. Rui simply stared at him with a bland expression. "I thought I told you I'm not going to be partaking in this war in the role of a politician. I'm a Martial Artist. I won't forsake time meant for Martial Art for the sake of helping the Kandrian Empire. Not anymore."

"You won't need to." Emperor Rael shook his head. "I have a mission for you during your time in the headquarters of the Panamic Martial Federation. It is a rather simple one that is not particularly challenging either."

Rui peered at him suspiciously but did not object.

Emperor Rael smiled. "In the advisory council of the Panamic Martial Federation is a Martial Sage named Kole Kellin. She was once a proud and highly active Martial Sage warrior but she was forced to retire after she was diagnosed with the Shivering Disease that, I was told, caused her hands and body to constantly move and shiver due to some neurological issue. I want you to approach her and…"

Emperor Rael's smile grew wider. "…compel her to join the Kandrian Empire and fight to protect it in the upcoming war in exchange for healing her of her condition and returning her to her prime."

Rui's eyes widened with shock as he understood how his father intended to bolster Kandria to withstand enough pressure in the short term. While breaking Martial Apprentices through could not affect the short-term strategic outlook, healing a Martial Sage and returning them to their prime in exchange for their loyalty was something that immediately increased the Kandrian Empire's ability to cope.

"Is this your strategy?" Rui asked faintly, still immersed in thought. "To bolster the Kandrian Empire by gathering as many Martial Artists of the Upper Realms with the services of the Divine Doctor?"

If so, it was a highly effective political strategy that Rui couldn't deny the effectiveness of. If the price of obtaining an additional Martial Sage was merely dedicating some of the Divine Doctor's time to them, then it was a price that yielded an outcome that was far greater.

"But…" Rui furrowed his eyebrows. "…This strategy alone cannot deal with the massive gap in power between one powerhouse and three."

Emperor Rael shook his head. "This is just one small part of my grand plan. I have chalked up many potent strategies and tactics into a single design of victory and success in the long run. Rest assured, the Kandrian Empire will emerge victorious."

Rui grew more confident in whatever this grand plan was. It became extremely clear that Rael knew what he was doing when he threatened to provoke a war of unprecedented intensity in the history of East Panama.

"Alright," Rui replied. "I accept that mission. I will need an intelligence briefing on the target and more details regarding the exact specifications and the objectives."

"Of course, I do not intend to send you in blind," Emperor Rael informed Rui calmly. "Furthermore, to be specific, I desire her to join the Royal Army of the Kandrian Empire under my direct command. She was from a military background before she was crippled; she is highly accustomed to serving as an officer who executes commands. It gives me confidence that she will be able to fit more quickly into the Kandrian Royal Army than into the Sage Council of the Kandrian Empire."

Rui gazed at him carefully as he understood what his father was trying to do.

He was trying to balance out the addition of his grandmother to the Sage Council, causing the Martial Union to gain a slight edge over the Royal Army.

"Correct." Emperor Rael gazed at his son knowingly, reading his mind. "That coward Aggragor cannot even begin to compare to your grandmother as an asset."

-



Chapter 2153  Experience Through War



"You know that the Sage Council is not going to be pleased." Rui raised an eyebrow. "After all, the sole power of the Union comes from Martial Artists and nothing else."

"Don't worry; I have given each of them similar missions that will end up benefiting the Council if they succeed," Emperor Rael calmly remarked. "There is more than one Martial Sage who could use the Divine Doctor's medical prowess, though not all of them need it as desperately as Sage Kole does. Regardless, I have chosen my targets and their corresponding probability of success such that the Martial Union will benefit similarly to the Royal Army. I still am a firm believer that the Martial Union and the Royal Army should always be in harmony with each other, for the sake of the Kandrian Empire."

"Hmm…" Rui narrowed his eyes. "Can you really trust that all of them will do as told after they have made use of the Divine Doctor's services? Many of them might have only agreed for the sake of being healed or enhanced, before ditching the Kandrian Empire after getting what they came for."

"Ordinarily, you would be right," his father replied. "The risk factor, in my estimation, crosses the acceptable threshold. Thus, your assessment is completely accurate."

"…But?" Rui raised an eyebrow. "But we have your grandmother." Emperor Rael smirked. "She, in addition to Sage Farana, is able to allow me to be certain in my choices. Thus, I have decided to go more aggressively on this plan, and many other plans, due to the sheer strategic advantages of the power of the Eye of Prophecy. It is thanks to her that I was able to eradicate the festering Underworld as well as I did. She is indeed worth being considered a treasure of the Kandrian Empire."

Rui had to agree with the statement.

The eradication of the Underworld had happened when he was deep in the middle of his training for the Yin-Yang Spear. He had been deeply shocked when informed that the Underworld had been uprooted and eliminated, all with the help of his grandmother's prophecy.

Since it had already proven itself, he could see why his father would rely on it to overcome high risks with the certainty that his grandmother's technique used.

Yet, more than the political considerations, Rui was much more intrigued by it as a Martial Artist.

He felt a deep attraction to the power of the technique. How could he not?

He couldn't even imagine how strong he would become if he did master it. The combination of the VOID algorithm, the SOUL System and the Eye of Prophecy together would raise his insight into a battle into absolutely uncharted territories. He might very well become nigh omniscient within the confines of a battle.

Furthermore, he technically had access to it due to being a member of the Silas Clan. As long as he contributed his systems of thought to them…

"I wouldn't recommend it." His father stared at him knowingly. "The Eye of Prophecy will drain your greatest gift—your youth. It will accelerate your aging and consequently cripple and destroy your bottomless potential."

Rui stirred at those words.

He valued his prime deeply; it certainly wasn't going to last forever.

"If you weren't strong and if your capacity to develop your Martial Art powerfully wasn't high, then it might be worth considering. However," his father continued, "you have proven that you are capable of creating techniques that are no less powerful than it. You have reached the Master Realm at a shocking young age. That youth at this altar increases the probability that you will eventually rise to the Sage Realm."

Rui stared at his father melancholically.

"…I am aware that your path to the Sage Realm is uniquely difficult." His father closed his eyes. "However, I am of the firm belief that you will reach the Sage Realm."

Rael's voice contained no ounce of uncertainty.

"You will be able to maximize your gains across your entire lifetime if you master the technique after discovering your Martial Soul."

Rui had to admit that, on a logical level, his father's words were entirely accurate. However, it took a herculean amount of self-control to not just jump at the prospect of new power.

Rui heaved a sigh. "I'll think about it. I won't master it this close to the war, since I won't be able to make it a source of genuine experience in time."

His father smiled. "Have you not been satisfied by the experience you gained from all your battles inside the dungeon in the past eighteen months?"

"…It's not unsatisfying per se, but it feels like the returns diminished after I fought all willing Masters at least once," Rui muttered with dissatisfaction. "My Martial Path is Adaptive Evolution. Once I adaptively evolve to an opponent, the difficulty of fighting reduces significantly. It also reduces the value of any experience I gain as a result."

It was why Rui had exited the dungeon in the first place. There were only so many gains that he could make with fewer than two hundred martial masters. He left the dungeon a little over a month after entering it to grind for experience for a year and a half straight.

"I came to the conclusion that I need more opponents, ideally as many powerful high-grade ones as possible," Rui remarked. "Ideally, they should be fighting with the objective of killing me. Something like a war."

A fleeting grin cracked at the edge of his mouth.

"You've started resembling the Fire Sect." His father smiled wryly, shaking his head with resignation. "Oh well, if it's a war you want, then rejoice. Soon, your desires will be fulfilled."

Rui smiled as his fists clenched with anticipation. n/o/vel/b//in dot c//om

He wouldn't miss the war for the world. Where else would he ever get such an opportunity?

He was grateful that his father was both highly ambitious and highly able to give him exactly what he needed.

-



Chapter 2154  Planning Visit



His conversation with his father ended after the two covered a large array of topics. Rui mulled over the conversation and the various things in it that pertained to him.

His father had warned him to be careful at the Panamic Martial Federation headquarters.

The Panamic Martial Federation did not exist independently of the forces of the Martial World. It was constituted of and founded by the forces of the Martial World for the sake of Martial Art as a whole.

In other words, it could never be neutral.

His father had already warned him that he would be suspected of knowing something about the mass Apprentice breakthroughs just because of his power, authority, and influence within the Kandrian Empire.

There was no way that the Panamic Martial Federation would not be used as a vehicle by the other three Sage-level powerhouses of East Panama to pressure Rui into divulging any secrets that he might be aware of. They would most likely at least try to trick him into revealing some details.

Interestingly enough, his father denied the possibility of force being employed to extract any secrets that Rui had on the matter.

"While the Panamic Martial Federation is constituted of forces and powers that serve as its legislative body, its laws are enforced by a force led by ten Martial Sages who fulfill the role that the Primordial Martial played when he was still a Sage—enforcing the rules," his father had explained. "In other words, one does not mess around in or near the Panamic Martial Federation headquarters."

If that was the case, then Rui supposed that there were no risks of force being used while he was at the Panamic Martial Federation headquarters. In other words, he needed to not only get briefed but also avoid giving away any details regarding the mass Apprentice breakthroughs. In addition, he also had the mission to compel Sage Kole Kellin to join the Kandrian Empire and the Royal Army in exchange for healing her disease and restoring her body to its previous peak and even beyond. Nôv(el)B\\jnn

This was undoubtedly the most challenging part.

Because he would essentially need to divulge the fact that they had the support of the Divine Doctor and was able to make use of his services, all without knowing whether she would agree or not.

He highly doubted that she would simply join him in the Kandrian Empire without some guarantees and certainties. Furthermore, he would need to plan his approach based on her personality and temperament.

It was going to be challenging to juggle all these matters at once.

However, he was confident.

Considering that his father hadn't specifically told him he could divulge this to the Martial Union, he could assume that his father would rather they didn't know yet.

The most challenging part of this would be convincing her to serve his father, a human emperor, when she had served as a councilor of the Panamic Martial Federation.

In other words, he highly doubted that she would be deeply pleased about needing to serve a non-Martial leader.

On the other hand, she was allegedly someone with a military background, as his father pointed out, so he wasn't sure how things would work out.

"…Her condition prevents her from being able to control her power and to prevent it from going berserk, she has sealed her Heart, Mind, and the Third Eye forever," Rui read through the intelligence report that his father had prepared for him. "Interesting."

Considering that she referred to the source of power of the Sage Realm as the Third Eye, Rui could already identify her ethnicity based on that alone. "She was of the now deceased Quetzel Kingdom in West Panama…" Rui's eyes widened as he understood why she joined the Panamic Martial Federation. "As the sole Martial Sage of her Kingdom, her condition deprived the kingdom of its sole protection from enemy Martial Sages. Eventually, the kingdom was ravaged before eventually ceasing to exist. All because she was afflicted with a medical condition that denied her any control and stability over her own power."

Rui couldn't help but feel deep sympathy for her. If she was the loyal type, then she probably blamed herself for the demise of her kingdom, harboring an immense amount of guilt, yet powerless to do anything about it.

He also couldn't imagine how frustrating it was to have fully functioning and intact Realms of power, but forced to seal them forever nonetheless due to losing complete control over her immense power.

After all, a Martial Artist who couldn't control her own movements was definitely not going to be able to prevent her power from going berserk.

He felt for her as a Martial Artist, but he was quite grateful for it as someone who was trying to win her over to the Kandrian Empire.

After all, if it truly brought her as much pain as he suspected it did, then she would be deeply foolish to refuse a miracle of an opportunity that could undo all her pain.

As for whether she could be restored, he had no doubt that the Divine Doctor was able to fix whatever was afflicting her.

He had proven time and time again that his reputation preceded him with the feats he had accomplished with just a little bit of exertion.

Rui continued to flesh out his diplomatic approach as he gained a better understanding of his target. Normally, his father would have personally guided him on how he ought to approach this diplomatic operation.

However, they both knew that he didn't need it. He had proficiency and even some good experience with diplomacy during his time as a Martial Artist. He understood what were the constraints and conditions to success and what he would need to do to adhere to and fulfill them.

In addition to preparing for his visit to the Federation, he also made sure to prepare for his departure from the Kandrian Empire, breaking additional batches of kids to the Apprentice Realm so that they could be showcased to the world as per schedule to make sure no one tied his departure to the absence of Apprentices breakthroughs.

-



Chapter 2155  Choices of History



The Panamic Martial Federation was an enormous organization whose mandate gave it authority over the entirety of the Panama Continent. Due to the sheer scale of its jurisdiction, it had not one but four different headquarters for the four quadrants of the continent.

In other words, Rui didn't need to travel outside of East Panama to get his little briefing done.

"Of course," Master Zentra continued, "each branch has a Martial Master from each powerhouse around the entire continent. Thus, you will be judged and evaluated by each of the powerhouses across the entire Panama Continent."

Rui narrowed his eyes. "Judged and evaluated? You make it sound like I'm being prosecuted." n/o/vel/b//in dot c//om

"Nothing of the sort," Master Zentra reassured. "However, you will be evaluated based on your threat level. This includes not just combat ability but also things like how dangerous your Martial Embodiment is to normal humans. I suspect that you will hit the highest score in that regard."

Rui raised an eyebrow. "It is rather curious that an organization that purports to exist by, for, and of Martial Art cares about the common folk."

Master Zentra gazed at Rui knowingly. "It is because Martial Art is inherently tied to the interests of the common folk. After all, we Martial Artists are not truly our own self-replenishing species. Martial Artists cannot reproduce to give birth to new Martial Artists. No. All Martial Artists were entirely normal people at some point in time. The Panamic Martial Federation has collectively decided that it is unwise to antagonize humanity, for the emergence of new Martial Artists can be severely hampered if human beings come to hate and fear Martial Art too much."

"…There is merit in that rationale," Rui cautiously remarked. "But human beings do not have the power to resist us. Furthermore, the greed for power is something that no amount of hatred and fear for Martial Art can overcome."

Master Zentra directed a wary gaze at Rui. "That is a rather disturbing thought. I most certainly do not want to enslave humanity to have them breed merely to ensure that the Martial Artist population remains large."

"I agree, but I am very certain that there are Martial Artists who feel this way." Rui's tone was confident. "The tilt to psychopathy means that there are definitely Martial Artists who have come to regard ordinary humans as mere reproducers of future Martial Artists."

Master Zentra narrowed his eyes. "You're not supposed to know about that until your briefing with the Panamic Martial Federation."

Rus smiled wryly. "Oops."

The Silas Clan didn't participate in the Panamic Martial Federation until recently, thus his grandmother probably mentioned it to him the way she would any other new Martial Master in the clan.

Master Zentra heaved a sigh. "No matter. The briefing will cover many such secrets exclusive to Masters. Regardless, you're correct. There are Martial Artists who believe in the total enslavement of humanity, even in the Kandrian Empire. They were among the most extreme Martial Supremacists who firmly supported Prince Raijun to the very end. Thankfully, they were in the minority. Most Martial Artists are quite uncomfortable with such an idea, but there are also reasons that the Panamic Martial Federation ruled out such an approach with remarkable unanimity."

"It is too impractical and would send humanity into a dystopian civil war, the likes of which this world has never seen," Rui mused knowingly. "Even the two Martial Revolutions of the Age of Martial Art would pale in comparison to the destruction that a war to enslave humanity would pan out. While Martial Art is the most powerful force in humanity, esoteric technology is fearsome enough to partially keep humanity in check."

After all, there was at least one Sage-level powerhouse that relied on esoteric military technology. The fact that all other Sage-level powerhouses relied on Martial Art primarily was proof that Martial Art was the strongest by a significant margin.

"On top of that, siege weapons are too destructive. In a war between Martial Art and esoteric technology, the former would win, but the latter would spread too much destruction, leaving behind a burning continent that might as well be uninhabitable," Rui further analyzed the reasons that such a war had been deemed an undesirable end. "Indeed." Master Zentra nodded. "That was why the Federation ultimately pursued harmony with humanity as a whole. That comes with certain constraints on Martial Artists of the Upper Realms. We cannot run around incapacitating entire nations with our Martial Embodiments without having humans hating Martial Artists. If we did this, this would reduce the number of Martial Artists that would be born from humans. The few who did become Martial Artists would also hate other Martial Artists for the suffering that they endured as humans. It would increase discord among Martial Artists and would be bad for Martial Art in the long run."

Rui understood the rationale for why the Panamic Martial Federation would focus on regulating the relationship between Martial Art and humanity. If they have decided to pursue a cooperative relationship, then it made sense to ensure that humanity would always have a positive relationship with Martial Artists.

"The reign of the Master Realm was perhaps the period where humanity hated Martial Art more than any other time in history due to the tilt towards psychopathy that Martial Masters underwent during that era," Master Zentra explained. "Martial Art was scorned as evil in many parts of the continent, which led to the birth rates of Martial Artists hitting record lows. The Panamic Martial Federation was created precisely to avoid this outcome. And it has largely succeeded in regulating humanity's relationship with Martial Artists for the sake of Martial Art."

He turned his gaze to Rui. "Today, Martial Arts has a largely positive image in culture due to Masters and Sages staying their hands against large population centers due to the consequences that the Panamic Martial Federation will inflict upon them if they become a liability to human civilization. Yet, that is just one of many things that the Panamic Martial Federation does to protect humanity."

-



Chapter 2156  Shocking Revelation



Days passed as the departure day approached, and Rui completed most of his preparations for his journey to the Panamic Martial Federation. He had consulted many people about what to expect from his visit to the Federation. While they had given him plenty of general advice, they had refused to get into specifics.

This only made him more curious.

However, the biggest constraint on his journey was returning in time to break enough explorer stage students to the Apprentice Realm.

Aside from ensuring that there would be enough Martial Apprentices to be paraded around when he was gone, he also spent time thoroughly familiarizing himself with the target of the secret mission that his father had given him. He could see why he had chosen her.

For the first decade after she had been afflicted with the shivering disease, she was hell-bent on finding a solution. Unfortunately for her, the condition could only be treated and managed, not cured. She was never able to wield the Realms of power that she had painstakingly unlocked.

Rui grew more confident that she would be interested in his offer. He could only hope that, as bad as it sounded, she hadn't moved on from her suffering. That increased the probability that she would be receptive to taking up his offer. However, even if she had moved on, there was no way that it wouldn't still appeal to her. She was once a full-fledged Martial Sage and how could anyone forget that? Even if she had managed to come to peace with her current circumstances, the possibility of overcoming it ought to set ablaze her Martial Drive once more. The drive that had driven her all the way to the Sage Realm was surely not something that would be extinguished so easily.

Regardless, he would find out in person when he reached the Panamic Martial Federation.

"I've prepared a highly secret carriage that will covertly leave the Kandrian Empire disguised as a simple transport carriage," Emperor Rael reassured his son. "With your departure obscured, there should be no risk. Though, with your current level of power, that isn't too much of a concern in the first place."

Rui nodded. "Wish me luck."

"You don't need it." His father smiled. "Thanks, Father. I appreciate that." n/o/vel/b//in dot c//om

"I meant that I already consulted your grandmother. What did you think I meant?"

"Jerk."

Soon enough, Rui departed the Kandrian Empire and headed for the Panamic Martial Federation. The headquarters of the organization in East Panama was in the very center of the eastern quadrant of the Panama Continent, quelling any concerns that Rui might have previously had with traveling very far.

One thing that he grew quite curious about was the details of the briefing that he would go through once he joined the Panamic Martial Federation. Neither his father nor the Martial Union seemed to want to give him much of a heads-up in regards to what the Federation would be talking about.

He suspected that he already knew some of the topics that would be touched upon by virtue of his identity and his sources of intelligence.

His grandmother had already touched upon things like the tilt to psychopathy caused by the mind sense of the Martial Mind, but perhaps the Panamic Martial Federation would equip him with better tools to deal with it. His grandmother did say that he wouldn't stoop too low as long as he had the Quarrier Orphanage to go back home to. However, as painful as it was, he wasn't sure how much the Quarrier Orphanage would mean to him in a century or even a few decades when all the people who had raised him would undoubtedly be dead.

His connection with the orphanage had reduced. He didn't know most of the kids and even most of the adults. He did care about the orphanage by itself, of course, as the home that his mother had given him.

Still, it would be good for everybody if there were other means by which he could maintain his sanity as a Martial Master.

The journey was uneventful.

The carriage whizzed through East Panama at remarkably high speeds, crossing vast expanses of land in brief timeframes.

A day later, he arrived.

While the journey had been mundane, the same could not be said for the destination.

His eyes widened with shock as he stepped out of the carriage to get a good look at his destination. It exceeded even his wildest imagination.

"Hahaha…" He laughed weakly as he gazed at what was supposed to be the headquarters of the Panamic Martial Federation. "They could've at least warned me…"

His gaze was not fixed on the land before him.

No. It was fixed on the sky.

The sky was pitch-black despite the Sun that was supposed to be shining in the middle.

Yet it was nowhere to be seen.

How could it be when it was entirely covered and blocked out by a floating tectonic plate?

Rui stared in amazement at the floating country that covered the entire sky. He had always known that it was large, but it appeared that his peers been remiss in informing that it floated deep in the sky.

He almost wanted to scold the driver for not telling him ahead of time, yet he recalled that not even the man was in on the secret that he was actually transporting the Void Prince of the Kandrian Empire. Hell, he doubted the man knew what he was looking at.

His gaze returned to the titanic floating island overhead that blotted out the entire sky. "…I'm guessing the point of this is to ensure that only Martial Artists who can sky-walk that far above are worthy of setting foot on the island?"

It conveyed a deeply elitist mindset.

Then again, he supposed that it was to be expected.

After all, this was an organization that considered itself to be so superior to Martial Artists of the Lower Realms that it did not even deem them worthy of knowing about its existence.

"So much for existing for, by, and of Martial Artists," Rui muttered, turning to the carriage rider. "Go ahead and park in accordance with the protocols…"

His gaze returned to the floating rock blotting out the sky. "…I will probably take my time."

-



Chapter 2157  Martial Paradise



When he returned home, he would definitely smack everyone for not telling him that the headquarters of the Panamic Martial Federation was a floating tectonic plate so large and so far above sea level that it was outside the range of even his immensely powerful senses.

Martial Squires and even Seniors would not be able to reach it by skywalking due to how low the air density would become unless they used a powerful sky-maneuvering technique.

He didn't understand how such a phenomenon could even exist naturally.

This floating tectonic plate was so absurdly massive that it made the Ajanta Floating Island look like a pebble in comparison. Yet, not only did it exist, it was somehow also the headquarters for the most powerful Martial force in the world.

It was such an extravagant and ostentatious choice that it put to shame all other abodes and centers of power in the world.

The Presidential Headquarters of the Republic of Gorteau, the Royal Palace of the Kandrian Empire, the Table of Fourteen of the Sekigahara Confederate, and even the Imperial Castle of the Britannian Empire.

None of them could even begin to compare to the sheer glory, might, and dominance that the tectonic plate floating in the mesosphere of the planet's atmosphere conveyed.

It was overwhelming.

As Rui soared up in the sky, he eventually activated his Martial Heart, gaining a surge in the speed at which he ascended to the surface. Yet, as the air grew so thin that his steps could hardly elevate him at all, he activated his Martial Mind, surging at even higher speeds.

That journey alone took far longer than he had expected, giving him even more time to process everything he saw.

While he scaled the heights that separated him from the surface of the headquarters, he got a better idea of what he was looking at now that his senses could reach his destination.

The vast expanse of land that spread across the sky was remarkably compact despite its size. It was rather surprising that something that large could possibly hold itself together in a single piece. Yet, from what he could see, there were no signs of instability.

The closer he got, the more he sensed an immense power emanating from atop the location.

He instinctively knew that an immense number Martial Artists had gathered atop the floating tectonic plate.

It simply added more gravitas to it.

Rui felt a growing weight on his shoulder as the mental pressure he experienced increased.

Yet, it disappeared once he arrived at the surface of the headquarters of the Panamic Martial Federation.

"…Ah." A sigh of awe and amazement escaped him. "Magnificent."

If there ever was a place that could be declared as the paradise of Martial Art, it was this place. The surface of the tectonic plate domed in, allowing him to see everything across it. An unfathomable amount of Martial infrastructure stretched out across the entire surface of the country-wide headquarters, arranged in an intricate layout of concentric rings.

The overwhelming majority of it was dedicated to Martial Artists of the Upper Realms, comprising of many megastructures that accommodated Martial Masters and even Martial Sages without any limitation.

Rui couldn't even begin to fathom the amount of capital that had been invested into the headquarters of the Panamic Martial Federation over the centuries. It undoubtedly exceeded the Kandrian Martial Chambers—that had been created as a joint venture between his father and the Martial Union—draining the nation's resources and esoteric inventory.

Yet, the headquarters of the Federation allowed Martial Masters and Martial Sages to exert their power to the absolute limit without being restricted by concerns of space or of spreading too much damage. Nôv(el)B\\jnn

"I can see why Martial Masters and Martial Sages would never want to leave this place."

Considering the sheer number of Masters that had gathered here from across East Panama, he was deeply allured by the prospect of gaining more experience by sparring with all of them.

If not for the fact that he could gain even better experiences from the war, he would definitely be inclined to remain here for a while.

He understood what his father meant when he said that the Panamic Martial Federation did for Martial Artists of the Upper Realms what the Martial Union did for Martial Artists of the Lower Realms.

"Welcome to the eastern headquarters of the Panamic Martial Federation, Prince Rui Quarrier Silas Kandria."

Two Martial Masters broke him out of his reverie.

He glanced at the two Martial Masters that arrived before him. The elderly man and woman donned extravagant Martial attires that bore the crest of the Panamic Martial Federation. They regarded Rui with a pleasant expression.

"We have awaited your arrival for three years now," the woman told him. "We of the Panamic Martial Federation have looked forward to meeting the youngest Martial Master in history," the man continued. "There are many a thing that we must speak to you about."

Rui regarded the two Martial Masters with a wary look.

He hadn't forgotten his father's warning about the fact that he would be targeted for the information regarding the mass Apprentice breakthroughs. As an organization that existed by, for, and of Martial Artists, it could never overlook such a miraculous means to mass produce Martial Apprentices.

"I thank you for your kind welcome." Rui cupped his fist with his palm in a greeting gesture between Martial Artists. "I, too, have looked forward to my visit to the cradle of Martial Art in the Age of Martial Art."

Rui's gaze returned to the amazing view of the headquarters of the Panamic Martial Federation.

"Remarkable, isn't it?" They followed his gaze. "No matter how many years I patrol these exalted lands, I am never able to overcome my awe for this bastion of Martial Art."

Rui couldn't help but agree with their sentiment.

"Come, Master Rui." They beckoned him. "Let us go deeper. There is much to do now that you're here."

-



Chapter 2158  Innately Cultivated Martial Capital



Just the journey deeper toward the core of the floating headquarters of the Panamic Martial Federation alone was one that Rui could immerse himself forever into. After all, there was so much to see that he could spend years, if not a decade, exploring this entire place.

The deeper he went, the more he could distinguish the flavors of Martial power that he sensed from across the vast expanse of the land of the entire tectonic plate. Rui's Martial Mind, being as particularly powerful as it was, allowed him to make certain surprising discoveries about the Martial population atop the headquarters of the Panamic Martial Federation.

"This place…" Rui murmured faintly. "…It contains lots of Martial Artists of the Lower Realms!"

The two Martial Masters guiding him regarded him with an impressed expression. "It appears that the immense power that we sense from your Martial Mind is not for show. You are correct; there are indeed many Martial Artists of the Lower Realms in the headquarters of the Federation. While the majority of the Martial power of the Federation is actually supplied to us from constituents of the Federation, a decent proportion of the power that you feel belongs to the Panamic Martial Federation."

Rui understood how that worked immediately. "This power comes from the innate power that the Federation cultivates to ensure that it doesn't become a burden upon its constituents. It also incentivizes the participation of Martial powers around the world in the institutions of the Federation since there is more power at stake."

By being able to cultivate its own Martial Artists, it was not only able to be less of a burden to its constituents but also enforce its own international Martial laws better.

"Fascinating," Rui murmured as he examined the vast Martial infrastructure that they passed. "I find it surprising that the Martial Powers of the world are willing to surrender the direct control of so much power in the hands of an organization that they don't have full control over." n/o/vel/b//in dot c//om

The two Martial Masters shook their heads. "The Panamic Martial Federation possesses no individual autonomy as far legislation, executive, and judiciary power of the Federation go. Everything falls to the Master and Sage councils, who decide the Martial laws of the Martial World. That includes the two of us as well as yourself."

Rui glanced at them knowingly.

The Panamic Martial Federation necessarily needed to give a voice to all Martial Artists of the Upper Realms. Otherwise, its mandate would not be acknowledged and respected by all Martial powers across the world.

After all, why would a group of Martial Artists adhere to a set of rules that they had absolutely no say in?

At the same time, it meant that any Martial legislation that the Federation passed needed to earn the approval and consensus of Martial Artists across the board, increasing the number of hurdles that any legislation experienced in order to be passed.

Perhaps this was why Rui never felt the presence of the Panamic Martial Federation for pretty much his entire life.

Each law passed by the Panamic Martial Federation represented a restriction on all Martial Artists that the bill targeted. No Martial Artist wanted to limit their own freedom. Thus, the only laws that could earn the support of the majority were extreme matters like the criminalization of Martially perpetrated genocide.

In other words, in order to truly remain 'by, for, and of Martial Artists,' everyone needed to have a voice.

"Of course, that doesn't mean everyone has an equal voice," the two elderly Martial Masters patiently explained to him. "Some Martial Artists and Martial organizations have a greater stake in the Panamic Martial Federation than others."

"I'm aware," Rui nodded knowingly. "Those Martial Artists who contribute more to the Federation have more of a voice in the organization than others."

It was a simple yet brutal incentive structure that encouraged Martial Artists to contribute to the Panamic Martial Federation, usually by offering Martial services just as his nameless guides were doing.

"…I suppose that means that the two of you have a greater say in any Master Council Assembly than I do?" Rui raised an eyebrow. The two Martial Masters threw an amused glance at him.

"I highly doubt that we will be able to match your voice should you decide to contribute your remarkable Martial contributions to the Panamic Martial Federation," they remarked with wry smiles. Rui raised an eyebrow as a suspicious gaze shifted between the two Martial Masters.

"Oh come now, Void Prince," the elderly man chuckled. "You have been in the spotlight for a long time. The Martial World at its highest echelons is a small world. Whispers spread. Whispers of the magical contributions that your Martial has made to the Kandrian Martial Union. The Martial Union had decided not to contribute the secret, potent Squire evolution upgrade that you contributed to it, at the cost of a much larger voice in the Panamic Martial Federation."

Rui wasn't surprised by the fact that they knew that he was responsible for the Hungry Pain contribution. He recalled that even Guildmaster Bradt had asked him about it in person when they had met in Princess Ranea's submarine unveiling ceremony.

He also wasn't surprised that the Martial Union did not contribute such a valuable solution to the Panamic Martial Federation. After all, additional legislative power was not worth surrendering such a powerful solution to the rest of the world.

In fact, he would have returned home and smacked everybody for selling his Hungry Pain technique at such a cheap price.

Regardless, he might have had something to worry about had he still been a Martial Senior without any meaningful voice as a Martial Artist in the Martial World. But, as a Martial Master, he had nothing to worry about. No Martial Master wanted to be pressured out of their secrets. Thus, they created a system that didn't pressure Martial Masters of their secrets.

Still, he wasn't sure how strong the guard rails would hold if they knew what he was truly capable of.

-



Chapter 2159  Potential Political Power



Things like mass Apprentice breakthroughs, Martial Heart, and Martial Mind breakthroughs were downright priceless as an asset. He didn't trust the integrity of the Panamic Martial Federation to withstand the force of the greed of the constituents to suspend the rules with some bullshit excuse to break open the secrets that lay within his mind.

However, it did make him wonder.

'Just how much legislative power would I get if I did contribute these services to Panamic Martial Federation?' He couldn't help but wonder as he admired the extensive Martial infrastructure that spread out across the entire tectonic plate.

He suspected that he would be able to drown out legislative authority dozens if not hundreds of Martial Masters.

This was not him being arrogant, but more so an objective evaluation of the value of the kinds of services that he was able to offer to the world. He could forever accelerate the growth trajectory of any nation far beyond their wildest dreams. He could give them power that they could dream of by drastically increasing the rate of breakthroughs to several Realms.

If he wanted, he could leave his mark in the Martial World by increasing the Martial power of the Panamic Martial Federation to such a degree that the political power he would gain within the halls of the organization would far dwarf that of other Martial Masters allowing him to veto the voices of his peers and singlehandedly decide all laws that the Master Council was authorized to.

Of course, he highly doubted that such a thing would be practically possible in reality. Surely, the Sage Council would step in and prevent Rui from autocratically dominating the Master Council deliberations with his personal political power.

After all, the power of the Master Council was authorized by the Sage Council. While the latter only decided the broad direction that the Martial World ought to look like, it authorized the Master Council to handle the rest.

Thus, his authority could essentially be revoked by the Sage Council if it deemed to do so.

Interestingly enough, there was no Transcendent Council.

Despite possessing more than enough Martial power to seize complete control over the Panamic Martial Federation, they abstained from any political intervention of any kind. This was hardly inconsistent behavior; thus, nobody batted an eye.

He shook his head lightly, ridding his mind of such superfluous thoughts. There was no point in pondering such thoughts, as he had no intention of contributing anything to the Panamic Martial Federation. Nôv(el)B\\jnn

He wasn't even sure he cared to participate in its regular bureaucratic proceedings. There was a reason he denounced any involvement in politics, even if he was better at it than he had expected.

He was here primarily as a Martial Artist and a man who was doing his father yet another favor.

Eventually, the three Martial Masters reached the core establishment at the center of the tectonic plate. While most of the vast headquarters of the Panamic Martial Federation served Martial Artists in some way or another, primarily through training and growth resources, the same could not be said for the core of the tectonic plate.

Rui's senses swept across the entire place as he got a good grasp of the entire place.

"Fancy."

The two Martial Masters smiled at that remark. "Of course. Welcome to the Martial Citadel of East Panama. This city can considered to be one of the greatest centers of Martial power in the entire world."

He had to admit that when it came down to impressing its visitors, it was unparalleled. Never had he been so stunned by the sheer projection of grandeur than he did on his first visit to the Panamic Martial Federation.

It did Martial Art justice.

The Martial Citadel had the highest Martial population density he had ever seen anywhere in the world. Never before had he seen so many Martial Artists gather in one place. Furthermore, any humans that were there were merely there in a position service for Martial Artists.

Rui had no doubt that each and every one of them had been thoroughly scanned by Martial Masters and Sages for ill intent against the Federation or Martial Artists at large. He was certain that they put in extra effort into making it almost impossible for the Beggar's Sect to stretch its tentacles into the Panamic Martial Federation.

After all, there was a clear class conflict between the Beggar's Sage and the Panamic Martial Federation. While the Federation did instate policies that sought to minimize the friction between human civilization and Martial Art, that was purely for the sake of Martial Art and not people.

Ultimately, it was still a Martialocratic organization that existed solely for the sake of Martial Art. Considering that the Beggar's Sage was essentially omnipresent within human civilization, it was questionable to what degree they had succeeded in isolating the Federation from the eyes and ears of the Beggar's Sect.

The way that his father and the Sage Council of the Martial Union had overcome this particular problem was to isolate the workers from the rest of human civilization forever. Furthermore, the manifold prevented any communication between the workers within the manifold and the Beggar's Sect.

However, given that they did not isolate communication, he wondered just how secure the Martial Citadel was from the Beggar Sage.

He knew that man was not to be underestimated just by virtue of having spent time with the Divine Doctor. If the man was as adept in his field of information and intelligence as the Divine Doctor was in medicine, then he was not to be trifled with.

He heaved a sigh, shrugging lightly.

It was none of his concern. He was sure that the Panamic Martial Federation had deeply considered this problem and probably instated many security policies to reinforce its intelligence security. He was more interested in indulging in everything that the Martial Citadel at the center of the headquarters of the Panamic Martial Federation.

"I can't wait to check this place out."



