Chapter 2080  Path of His Own Making



"Nothing?! You're telling me the Intelligence Bureau, which receives hundreds of billions of dollars of funding each year, has absolutely no intelligence on how in the world that bastard Rael woke up from an incurable disease?!"

The atmosphere in the federal headquarters of the Republic of Gorteau curdled upon the rage of the President of Gorteau. n/ô/vel/b//jn dot c//om

"…Mr. President, I can assure you that the entire bureau is working overtime to gain insights into the sudden inexplicable recovery of the Emperor of Harmony," the director of the Federal Bureau of Intelligence managed to squeeze out. "We are coordinating our infiltration and surveillance divisions to gather as many insights into this event as possible. We've even deployed the Martial division and have already entered into negotiations with the Beggar's Sect and the Shadow Guild. You will be the first to know the moment we gain any breakthroughs in intelligence."

"Goddammit!" President Raymond cursed with frustration. "Why did this have to happen now of all times?!"

His fingers steepled as his eyes swam around in uncertainty. "…Summon my chief of staff and director of campaigning affairs. Inform them that I want a thorough and scrupulous report on the impact of this on the upcoming presidential elections."

"…Yes, sir."

"Arrange for a meeting with my donors and the stakeholders of the National Libertarian Party immediately."

"Yes, Mr. President."

"Arrange a separate meeting with Whiterock, Streetstate, and Rearguard immediately."

"Yes, Mr. President."

"Have the analyst division of the Intelligence Bureau redo the threat profile analysis of the Kandrian Empire with its latest developments."

"Yes, Mr. President."

A heavy sigh escaped the President as he massaged his forehead. The return of the Emperor of Harmony had come at a terrible time. In fact, President Raymond could not think of a worse moment for it to arrive. The presidential elections of the Republic of Gorteau were barely a year away.

His administration and party had already chalked out their campaign strategy and had already begun executing it, but the return of Emperor Rael threw out all his plans. It was such a major event that the political parties in Gorteau had halted to a stop as each of the presidential candidates began re-examining their campaign strategy.

Not all parties of the Republic of Gorteau were equally affected, of course.

The one most negatively impacted by this news was the National Libertarian Party due to the fact that it had a hawkish foreign policy.

The power vacuum that Emperor Rael had left, followed by the Kandrian Throne War, had severely eroded the political cohesion, making Kandria less prepared to deal with foreign threats.

It was one of the reasons for the rising tensions between Kandria and its three peers.

Within the Republic of Gorteau, those rising tensions were largely fueled by the hawkish National Libertarian Party. A party that historically utilized any and all incentives to push for war. It was a party whose benefactors and stakeholders were the thriving arms industry, comprising of weapons developers and manufacturers and also much of the Martial industries, including independent Martial Artists, Martial mercenary groups, and Martial Contractors.

Thus, in addition to ideologically supporting war, they also needed to wage war to satisfy and please their donors so that the funding and donations never stopped.

This time, the National Libertarian Party had chosen the Kandrian Empire.

Its state of political weakness and dissent had riled up much of the party in warring fervor. They had smelled blood in the water.

After all, one of the greatest reasons behind the Kandrian Empire's power was the fact that Emperor Rael maximized its net potential by having many opposing forces synergize harmoniously to yield a sum that was greater than its parts.

Without him, that advantage was gone, reducing the nation's effective net war potential.

Thus, the Kandrian Empire became the target to fulfill the party's bloodlusted political ideology and also to satisfy their stakeholders, who deeply profited from war.

Over the past three years of his term as president, the National Libertarian Party had merrily fed its voter base much propaganda about the Kandrian Empire. They droned on and on for years about how the Kandrian Empire was a nation plagued by an authoritarian monarchy system that oppressed its citizens with leaders that they did not choose.

They described vividly how a single family, the Kandrian Royal Family, tyrannically ruled over its citizens and oppressed them for four long centuries.

They presented themselves as noble purveyors of democracy.

Naturally, the Libertarian voter base ate up the propaganda heartily over the years, firmly becoming anti-Kandria as President Raymond made it his primary policy to garner votes.

Everything was going well until Emperor of Harmony returned from the brink of inevitable death.

Suddenly, the reason that Kandria was ever chosen as a target, its political weakness, was gone.

Suddenly, the very foundations of the National Libertarian Party's call for war against Kandria had vanished.

They were no longer dealing with a leaderless, divided nation.

They were dealing with a man who was widely recognized to be one of the greatest leaders of all of human civilization.

It was common wisdom in the political sphere that it was extremely unwise to pick a fight with Emperor Rael Di Kandria.

Unfortunately, much to their own chagrin, they had unwittingly found themselves doing just that all of a sudden.

Even worse still was the fact that they couldn't really change gears at this point in time for many reasons.

For one, their voter base no longer expected it but had come to demand it.

Not to mention, any attempt to halt now would be widely perceived as cowardly.

They would lose the elections.

They would also lose a good chunk of their donors who thrived in war and would not be pleased to be denied a war.

"…Damn!" President Raymond grimaced at the terrible predicament that he had found himself in.

"…Mr. President, it's time for your statement and press conference soon."

The man stirred as he returned back to reality, steeling his face as he prepared himself to walk down a path of his own making.

-



Chapter 2081  Redirected Investigation



Prime Minister Edward Gel Dermont was not in a good mood these days.

Not only did the shocking rumors of the Void Prince's breakthrough turn out to be completely true, but immediately after they were confirmed to be true, the announcement of the recovery of the Emperor of Harmony spread around the world.

Just the thought of it evoked deep rage within him.

If there was a man he hated from the bottom of his heart, it was undoubtedly Rael Di Kandria.

If there was a man he respected from the bottom of his heart, it was also Rael Di Kandria.

They had a long history with each other.

They were the heads of governments in their respective states for a long time.

They were also the prime strategists of their respective Sage-level powerhouses.

Of course, prime ministers did not normally serve as military strategists in most governments. A prime minister was the head executive of the government. Their primary role was to manage the nation's executive branch. Their required skill set was bureaucratic management.

Yet, in the Britannian Empire, the prime minister, appointed by the Britannian Martial Assembly, possessed oversight over much of the government.

The reason for that was that he, the first and current prime minister since the Second Martial Revolution three hundred years ago, was so extraordinarily competent in all aspects of political engagement that Emperor Arthur had seen fit to give him the keys to the entire government. n/o/vel/b//in dot c//om

He came to power around the same time as Emperor Rael. Of course, the difference between the two was that Emperor Rael was the true ruler of the Kandrian Empire, while the Prime Minister was little more than a glorified servant of the Martial Artists of the Britannian Empire whose power and life could be taken away at any time the Martial Assembly pleased.

The Britannian Empire was ultimately a Martialocracy.

Thus, no matter how brilliant he was, he could never gain true power.

Yet, nonetheless, they were, in some sense, rivals.

This was definitely the case when they first competed with each other in the First East Panamic War.

That was the first time he had been overcome as a strategist and a leader.

Of course, the outcome of a war was dependent on a myriad of variables in addition to the strategy.

However, the ideal strategist could maximize the probability of victory after taking into account all the many relevant variables.

The Emperor of Harmony had overcome him in that regard.

Without any dispute.

That was when Rael had earned his respect and his hatred.

Since then, the two of them had butted heads many times, with the Emperor of Harmony emerging victorious by thin margins.

When Emperor Rael's condition came to light, he was delighted, although a part regretted not being able to overcome his rival and reclaim his honor.

However, now that Emperor Rael had returned, a small part of him felt delighted in the opportunity to finally defeat his accursed enemy.

And Emperor Rael's very return had shown him a possibility of doing just that.

"Cease all investigative effort into the Emperor of Harmony."

His command stunned the Britannian Intelligence Service.

"…Sir?" The deputy director stared at him, flummoxed.

"…You won't learn anything meaningful if you do pursue investigation into the Emperor of Harmony," the Prime Minister calmly remarked. "…There is no doubt that his predicament was the Eternal Dream Disease. It would be deeply foolish for him to have done something that stripped him of his power, undid a decade's worth of effort of progress, and brought him absolutely no additional benefit, putting him back at square one or even further behind. Not each and everything is a conspiracy."

His words were sharp and cleanly cut away fiction from fact. "…Of course," his eyes narrowed, "that doesn't mean nothing at all is a conspiracy."

A predatory light flickered in his eyes as his gaze fell on a particular document. A profile analysis of one Rui Quarrier Silas Kandria.

"Let us revisit the facts once more." His tone was imperious. "All the evidence at hand proves that he truly was afflicted with the Eternal Dream Disease. And now, he has fully recovered from it. An extraordinary outcome."

His eyes narrowed. "…Yet, the thing about extraordinary outcomes is that they tend to have extraordinary causes."

His gaze intensified.

"…Extraordinary causes such as breaking through to the Master Realm at the age of thirty-five despite being surrounded by four Martial Masters at all times."

His expression grew certain. "…Divert all your investigative efforts into Rui Quarrier."

"Over what timeframe, sir?"

"…Ever since Emperor Rael revealed him to be a royal prince."

Centuries of experience as a statesman allowed him to catch the barest whiff of a deep conspiracy.

His instincts told him that there was something deeply significant that had transpired that resulted in these two extraordinary events happening nigh simultaneously.

"Pursue your investigations into the Void Prince. I have an inkling that you might find some truly interesting stuff on him."

Previously, the man wasn't too moved by Prince Rui Quarrier as a martial artist or as a politician. The former was because he was a martial senior, and they were simply too insignificant to earn his power.

He was clearly impressive as a politician. He possessed a sharp mind and had a good grasp of the ways of the world. However, he had a marked inexperience and lack of refinement.

Now, however, the Prime Minister couldn't help but wonder whether his understanding of what the young prince was capable of was highly limited and deeply incomplete.

"Something is happening in Kandria." His tone grew more confident.

It wasn't just his intuition that told him this; it was also straightforwardly true. If they had no inkling of how such miracles came to be, then it tautologically followed that they did not know what was happening.

Regardless of how much merit the Prime Minister's words had, the Intelligence Service followed his orders nonetheless, diverting all their investigative efforts to Rui Quarrier Silas Kandria. -



Chapter 2082  A Nation of Disharmony



Just like the Republic of Gorteau and the Britannian Empire, the Sekigahara Confederate was also displeased by the return of the Emperor of Harmony for their own reasons. They were the most ideologically opposed and antithetical to the Emperor of Harmony.

While they respected his capacity in war as the supreme commander of the Kandrian Military, they deeply abhorred the philosophy that had come to embody his politics.

"The Emperor of Harmony," the matriarch of the Tsukishi Clan grumbled. "Coming back and calling for a C16 meeting from the start. Who does he think he is?"

"…It's just like him," the patriarch of the Kenjin Clan narrowed his eyes. "Of the four powerhouses, he was the one who initiated cooperation the most."

The Republic of Gorteau sought war for profit, while the Britannian Empire simply sought war because it was a state that was led by Martial Artists who needed physical conflict to grow.

The Sekigahara Confederate was in a similar position.

In addition to Martial Artists needing war for growth, war was also baked into the blood of its culture.

Not just its culture, war was baked into the business model of the state. The state was reborn during the Martial Revolution three hundred years ago after the fourteen clans took over from the Sekigahara Empire and rebranded to a confederate of fourteen powerful clans.

Since then, the powerhouse had been sustaining itself through war.

There was a reason that North-East Panama was the most war-stricken area in all of East Panama.

The Sekigaharan modus operandi was rather simple and was a time-and-tested strategy.

It used covert infiltration, coercion, propaganda, and other population manipulation tactics to create civil hotspots across all of North-East Panama. These were small regions, often smaller and weaker states, and entirely vulnerable. The Sekigahara Confederate would covertly create civil unrest, escalate it to civil dissent, and then trigger a full-blown civil war.

By ensuring that the civil war was between two or more groups centered around immutable differences characterized by race, ethnicity, culture, religion, and sex, they tapped into the worst of humanity and magnified it into a war. n/ô/vel/b//in dot c//om

Once a war was created, naturally, the demand for Martial Artists would increase.

That was when the Sekigaharan Clans would swoop in and supply the Martial Artists in demand in exchange for large sums of money, of course.

Thus, they created their own market by creating war.

The fourteen routinely warred against each other in these civil hotspots on opposing sides. Yet, that was entirely normal and even considered healthy by the clan heads, although the Martial Artists of the Lower Realms developed deep hostility against each other.

It was even considered a form of competition and sport, with pride, glory, and bragging rights as the reward.

Their civil culture and foreign affairs were both thoroughly characterized by deep disharmony. It sustained their Martial, economic, and cultural power.

That was why they hated everything that the Emperor of Harmony represented.

His political philosophy was entirely antithetical to everything about their state.

In their eyes, he represented an existential threat to them.

If harmony was allowed to spread across Panama, then their way of life was doomed to cease.

Among all three powerhouses, they were the most firmly opposed to him.

"…That being said," the patriarch of the Kaze Clan narrowed his eyes. "The C16 meeting isn't something we can ignore very easily."

As much as they would have loved to flip the middle finger to the Emperor of Harmony, they would only be hurting themselves by not partaking in the meeting. The C16 was the platform upon which intergovernmental policies that would impact the future of the nation were agreed upon. Should the Sekigahara Confederate abstain from partaking in the C16 meeting, they would be unable to influence these changes in a manner that was most suited to them.

That was far too much to their detriment, unfortunately. The business model of the Sekigaharan Confederate was unstable because it depended on how much war they could fabricate and maintain in North-East Panama.

"Now that Emperor Rael has returned, we cannot expand our domain of war into the far East," the patriarch of Enken Clan snorted. "All that funding we poured into Prince Randal's campaign during the Kandrian Throne War was useless from the very beginning if the Emperor of Harmony was bound to always return."

It would have benefitted the Sekigahara Confederate had Prince Randal taken the throne. A Martial emperor with all the desire for war without any of the brilliant genius of his father. It was ideal for the Sekigahara Confederate to prosper.

That was why, despite the enormously vast distance between the Sekigahara Confederate and the Kandrian Empire, they painstakingly tried to support the candidate that was most conducive to their interests.

They failed when Prince Rui Quarrier Silas Kandria thoroughly dominated the war for the throne and unfortunately touted his father's abhorrent philosophy of harmony.

The return of the Emperor of Harmony was even worse, but alas, they could only play the cards that they were dealt.

"...And then there's the fact that the Void Prince somehow broke through to the Master Realm at half the youngest age."

As a nation with a deeply Martial culture, the Void Prince's rate of growth was even more shocking than the return of the Emperor of Harmony.

Ever since the Britannian Empire mellowed out ninety years ago with the breakthrough of the Transcendent Emperor, the Sekigahara Confederate had considered itself to undisputedly have the highest quality of Martial Artists. The miraculous growth trajectory of the Void Prince stung at their pride.

He made their most vaunted prodigies and geniuses look rather ordinary in comparison. His growth put into question whether the Sekigahara Confederate had the greatest Martial generation and development system in East Panama.

Regardless, their hostility towards Kandria only continued rising. They would be lying if they said they weren't itching for war, looking for a sound reason or trigger to put Kandria in its place and suppress its disgusting philosophy from regaining prominence.



Chapter 2083  Time to Test



The news of Emperor Rael's return shook the ruling class of human civilization. The entire world reacted as innumerable statements from all ruling polities converged from around the continent.

[The Republic of Gorteau condemns Emperor Rael for his fascist regime. In the past three centuries, the Kandrian Empire has suffered at the hands of a power-hungry madman. His unfortunate recovery is a threat to democracy…]

[The Commonwealth Duchy of Vinfrana offers its sincere congratulations to the Emperor of Harmony for his recovery…]

[The Kingdom of Violis celebrates the return of the Emperor of Harmony…]

It only intensified as it captured the interest of everybody.

Well, almost everybody.

FSSS…

A pair of enormous, heavily-bolstered doors opened, letting out a cloud of smoke.

A medical team waited on standby as a masculine silhouette emerged from it.

"…How do you feel, Your Highness?" a doctor asked.

Rui gazed at his hands, clenching his fists. "…Like I can fight forever." The doctor smiled at those words. "It's not unusual to feel that way, but please keep in mind that it is merely euphoria. Due to the stamina boost varying from person to person, we strongly recommend that you test it out in training rigorously before entering the field."

Rui nodded. "Will keep that in mind."

He had undergone two procedures in rapid succession. The first procedure was the life-prolonging procedure, where he consumed a longevity potion. The second was the Sandflower Nectar Potion, enhancing his stamina significantly.

The former was to prolong his prime as much as possible. He didn't do it before because he hadn't entered his absolute prime. But now, however, he had entered his prime phase. Thus, he immediately arranged for and consumed an extremely potent longevity potion.

This way, he could prolong his phase of rapid growth even more than the prodigiously early breakthrough to the Senior Realm did. n/o/vel/b//in dot c//om

Thus, for him, consuming a longevity potion was more for his growth as a Martial Artist than it was in desire for more life.

In addition, it would ensure that his Martial Body would grow much quicker than his peers due to the fact that he had severely slowed down his aging.

Martial Bodies possessed an evolved capacity to grow stronger in response to stress, far greater than that of the human body. So much so that the growth due to the naturally responsive evolution of the body outpaced the decline due to age, which was why elder Martial Artists only grew stronger even if they no longer retained their youthful energy.

Yet, their growth was despite their old age. Rui's Martial Body would reach much greater heights than others quicker, even after years and even decades.

That was what truly excited him.

All his life, his lack of accumulation had been the reason that he fell behind older Martial Artists, and now, he had solved that problem in the long run.

However, in the short term, the stamina potion mitigated the gap between him and centuries-old Martial Artists.

In addition, the boost from the Divine Doctor had also made noticeable improvements to his Martial Body. Step by step, he was making significant progress in mitigating the weakness of his Body.

'However, it's not important enough to just consume potions. I need to ensure that I make the most of it.' Rui grew engrossed in thought. For now, however, he looked forward to measuring his newfound power after the stamina boost.

And, naturally, if he was going to measure his new combat level, he might as well get it measured objectively and officiously.

That was why he had already arranged for an evaluation exam ahead of time, scheduling it right after he finished his procedures.

He immediately headed to the Daracol base up north for Martial Artists.

He could sense numerous Martial Masters waiting in the base, yet his evaluation of them was limited and hazy. Not that that even mattered anymore.

He had already experienced that Masters were inscrutable and complex beings that could not be evaluated by one's gaze alone.

This time, he could not sense as many Martial Masters as last time.

He had fought two battles, which gave them enough to satisfy their curiosity.

In addition, this time, he missed the presence of his Martial Master friends. None of them were around this time, which was hardly strange.

They were Martial Masters.

Their time was valuable.

Half of them were probably outside the nation, completing important operations for the Martial Union.

Martial Masters like Master Aronian were busy guiding the Martial Artists of tomorrow.

Martial Masters like Master Vericita led an entire Martial Clan.

They cared about him, but they did not live for him.

That was all fine by him, of course. He had come for one purpose: to gain an accurate understanding of exactly how strong he was. STEP

They were already there.

"Master Rui."

Six Martial Masters stood before him.

Each had a radically different Martial Body, indicating a drastically different Martial Path.

The Tree of Life provided further insights into their Martial Bodies by allowing him to see exactly what kind of environment would be perfectly antithetical to their Martial Bodies. It gave him a better understanding of who he was dealing with.

"Masters," Rui greeted them with respect. "We are the Martial Masters who will be testing your caliber as a Martial Master," the one in the center remarked. "You will face all of us in combat, and the track record will be used in gauging whether you are of the same grade as us."

"…I thought that grades were supposed to be computed after a large number?" Rui inquired, raising an eyebrow. Though, he had already surmised the reason.

"In theory, you are entirely correct. In practice,. hHowever, it is utterly impractical to round up all Martial Masters for a lengthy set of battles. While this was easy enough to do back in the day when there were only a handful of Martial Masters, it is no longer practical. Thus, we make do with what we have at any given moment…"

-



Chapter 2084  The Yin-Yang Shield



"…Additionally," he continued, "the Martial Union has also taken the liberty to analyze the data from your duel to further reduce the tediousness of this process. Based on it and the fact that you have grown stronger, the Union has decided to deploy six grade-twenty-five Martial Artists to test your power."

Rui's eyebrows lit up at the mention of their grade.

"…High grade," he murmured.

"Indeed, Your Highness," the Martial Master confirmed. "The Martial Union believes, in consideration of your prior matches, that testing you with grade-twenty-five Martial Artists, the first of the high grades, will lead to the most accurate evaluation."

"…Sounds like grades are much more rough in the Master Realm," Rui remarked. The Martial Master nodded. "In the Master Realm, grades are far less accurate and precise when it comes to measuring combat level. They are merely used as a reference and nothing more. Unfortunately, the Martial Union has yet to come up with a better way to quantify Masters."

Rui nodded, pondering the man's words. As a combat scientist or, at least, someone with the memories of a combat scientist, he knew just how difficult it was to quantify beings as complex and powerful as Martial Masters. "Your services are much appreciated, Masters," Rui expressed gratitude.

"It is an obligation, Your Highness," he replied. "By partaking in this test, you agree to partake in the evaluation of as many Martial Masters aiding in your evaluation. Each Master must agree to this."

Rui immediately understood the point of this.

It was to ensure that there always were Martial Artists available when others required themselves to be evaluated.

Thus, Martial Masters had essentially created a self-serving system where they took care of each other's needs rather than needing to commission a bunch of them each time.

"I don't mind," Rui calmly replied.

"Then, let us begin without any further ado. I am Vertol of the Earth Sect, and I shall be your first opponent."

Rui's eyes fixed on the man.

He had a sturdy, heavy body; in addition, he had a large paunch that undoubtedly made it harder to inflict any damage on him. Nothing above par for a defense-oriented Martial Master.

Rui could already imagine the trouble that he might have with this particular Master due to his lack of offense. It almost made him want to drop out and come back after spending a few years honing his offense.

However, it was imperative that he knew how strong he was at this very moment before he entered training.

This was so that he would know exactly how much stronger he had gotten after training. Without measuring his current combat level, he would be unable to gauge the gains that he would make from entering his training phases.

Not to mention, he just wanted to fight more Martial Masters.

He could use the experience.

"Any time, Master Vertol." Rui smiled.

The two of them immediately shifted to a large battlefield in the isolated Daracol Region, taking their stances.

Master Vertol took a strange stance.

He brought his feet together, "I have been looking forward to this, Your Highness," Master Vertol admitted. "Show me the power that you have accumulated. Rest assured, I won't go down nearly as easily as Master Grais did."

"Is that so?" Rui smiled wryly.

Master Grais had not gone down easily at all.

In fact, he had almost won.

"Come."

Master Vertol's challenge was firm.

Rui didn't need any more warning.

BADUMP!

Their Martial Hearts and Minds blazed into action as Rui surged forward. A tremendously powerful Flowing Canon flew towards the man's solar plexus with immense momentum.

Yet, he didn't so much as twitch, allowing the blow to land. The full power of Outer Convergence, Reverberating Lance, and Fire Breathing struck him unguarded.

Yet, what unfolded was beyond Rui's expectations.

BOOM!!!

His eyes widened as a tremendous resistive force from within the man's body emerged out of seemingly nowhere, pushing back at Rui's powerful blow, knocking him away.

The man hadn't so much as moved.

Rui narrowed his eyes, refusing to give up. Since the Master was a defensive Martial Artist, he didn't feel the need to be careful about a counter at range. He leaped away, gaining some distance, before sprinting towards the man at top speed.

He activated Gale Force Breathing, Outer Convergence, and Parallel Walk, surging towards the man at extremely heightened speeds, accumulating even more momentum than last time.

A second Flowing Canon surged forward.

This time, it was far stronger due to the greater momentum accrued this time.

Yet, it was to no avail.

BOOOM!!!

Rui gritted his teeth as an enormous repulsive force blasted his attack away, bruising his fist. The man hadn't so much as shifted.

Yet, the sheer power that his body was able to exert thoroughly broke Rui's attack, flinging him away. Nôv(el)B\\jnn

STEP

Rui landed at a distance, furrowing his eyebrows as his powerful mind surged into thought as to exactly what he was dealing with.

"What's the matter, Your Highness?" Master Vertol smiled. "I didn't even feel anything. You're going to have to do better than that if you want to overcome the Yin-Yang Shield."

Rui's eyes lit up at that name.

It was a name that many Martial Artists would recognize.

"You mean…?" Rui stared at him, stunned.

"Indeed." He nodded. "This is the one and only Yin-Yang Shield of the Gen Temple."

The Yin-Yang Shield technique was said to be one of the most powerful defensive techniques in existence, said to be impervious to any and all forms of attack. It was developed by the Gen Temple, one of the three Sage-level powerhouses of South Panama and was their primary defense technique.

The reason that the technique was valued so much and was held in such high regard was because it was a grade-ten technique as far as its potency went, yet only grade-five as far as difficulty went.

Normally, extreme power came with extreme difficulty.

The Yin-Yang technique was one of the rare techniques that did not adhere to this principle so much so that Martial historians accredited the Yin-Yang shield to be one of the reasons that the Gen Temple managed to rise above others over the span of five centuries, becoming a Sage-level powerhouse in the process.

-



Chapter 2085  Two Sources



Yet, despite its ease of mastery, the Gen Temple had managed to monopolize the technique for centuries. This was because they went to obsessive degrees to hide the novel training method for the technique. All memories of the training method were wiped from the minds of all those who went through it, ensuring that it could never be spread without the authorization of the Gen Temple.

Apparently, the training method for the technique was extremely novel because not a single force had managed to crack the key to mastering the Yin-Yang Shield. To the present day, it remained a secret that only the highest authorities of the Gen Temple were entrusted with.

This was despite the fact that many samples of the technique, such as Master Vertol, had spread throughout human civilization.

"You were… a part of the Gen Temple?" Rui cautiously asked. The man nodded candidly. "Around two hundred and fifty years ago when I was still a Martial Apprentice. I had mastered the Yin-Yang Shield technique, but, unfortunately, due to lifestyle and ideology differences, was unable to remain in the Gen Temple. Thus, I was honorably discharged from the temple before I ended up in the Martial Union."

Rui stared at him with interest. "To think that the Martial Union has yet to crack the technique…"

The man burst out into laughter. "Not for lack of trying their damnedest, Your Highness. That being said…"

He lifted one leg up before bringing it down in a thundering stomp.

BOOOOM!!!!

In an instant, a crater large enough to swallow a small sea erupted across the entire region from the epicenter.

"…We're still in the middle of a fight, Your Highness." He smiled. "Come, show me what the most prodigious Master in existence is capable of."

A grin cracked at the edge of Rui's mouth.

"As you wish."

His Martial Mind surged into thought as he revisited his two interactions with the technique. Two of his most powerful strikes, each completely negated by a force emerging from within Master Vertol's body at the point of impact. The force also bruised his fist, serving as a counter-offensive technique. n/ô/vel/b//jn dot c//om

It was deeply unlikely that simply bludgeoning him with attacks was going to be any different, thus Rui immediately ignored the natural instinct to continue attacking.

Given that he did not even bother guarding, Rui could deduce that point of impact was irrelevant to the technique. Otherwise, there would have been special spots that he would not be able to guard, outside of obvious vulnerabilities such as the eyes.

Yet, if he was going to adaptively evolve to it, then he needed to know more about the technique.

The best way to learn more about an unknown phenomenon was, of course, scientific inquiry.

At that moment, Rui temporarily let his inner scientist take over.

For the sake of victory.

He surged forward at extreme speeds, running straight at Master Vertol as the third Flowing Canon surged at him.

Except it didn't.

WHOOSH

Master Vertol's eyes lit up with surprise as the image of Rui's attack disappeared.

It was a feint

BOOOM!!!

Rui gritted his teeth as he launched a strike from his side, only to be battered by the repulsive force emerging as soon as his strike connected, flinging him away yet again.

His eyes narrowed as he landed away.

He didn't inflict any damage and had even taken some himself, but he had managed to gain some important insights.

'…He was caught off-guard by the technique, yet the repulsive force appeared out of nowhere and blasted me away nonetheless.' Rui narrowed his eyes. 'That means the technique is passive, but how…? Since when can force be passively generated without active and conscious intention?'

The more he learned about the technique, the more it seemed magical to him.

He was not consciously activating the technique, yet reading his SOUL told Rui that he was exerting energy, just not consciously and not through external movements.

And somehow, this resulted in a magical force emerging in response every time an attack struck him.

It was inexplicable.

'…If catching him off-guard doesn't work, then speed and maneuvering are not useful against him.' Rui tutted, displeased.

He had already formed predictive models on himself and was also forming a SOUL model for himself, but they helped only with maneuvering and defense, both of which were minimally useful against his opponent.

He really needed to get himself a powerful offensive technique.

"For now, an enhanced Hypertrophic Surge will have to suffice."

Master Vertol's eyes widened as Rui's body transformed, growing far larger as his muscles expanded. In just a moment, the physical configuration of his Martial Body had gone from balanced to extremely power-oriented.

Not only was the sheer power that he was able to generate much greater than it had ever been in his entire life, but he was also able to maintain it for much longer thanks to the Sandflower Nectar Potion.

"Eat this."

A singularity of astronomic power expanded as Rui threw the single most powerful Flowing Canon of his entire life.

BOOOOOM!!!

"AAARRGHRHH!!!" Master Vertol bellowed in pain as Rui simultaneously activated Phantom Pain at the moment of impact.

Yet despite his agonized state, the Yin-Yang Shield did not disappoint. The technique let out an extraordinary amount of force, clashing with the overlapping power of Hypertrophic Surge, Outer Convergence, Reverberating Lance, and Fire Breathing.

Yet not even that could overwhelm the famed Yin-Yang Shield.

The two powerful forces remained in place furiously churning against each other.

VMMMmmmMMMmmmMMM!!!

Rui's eyes widened as the clash of the empowered Reverberating Lance with the Yin-Yang Shield produced recurring patterns of constructive and destructive interference.

'But how…?' His gaze intensified. 'That only happens when…'

His eyes lit up as a thundering realization dawned on him. '…when there are two sources of vibrations.'

STEP

He leaped away, putting some distance between him and his opponent as the two of them took a moment of reprieve.

Yet, a wide smile appeared on Rui's face.

He had figured out the secret of the Yin-Yang Shield.

-



Chapter 2086  Sitting Down



"What a powerful attack…!" Master Vertol exclaimed. "I have never experienced such pain in my entire life!"

Yet a grin emerged on his face. "Not enough to overcome the Yin-Yang Shield, I'm afraid."

Rui smiled. "Say, do you know how the technique works?"

"Of course," he snorted. "The shield is born from the harmony of my inner yin and the outer yang. The harmony of yin and yang gives rise to all things in the universe."

Rui stared at him knowingly. The fact that an empowered Reverberating Lance and the Yin-Yang Shield produced interference patterns that were normally only produced by the superposition of two sound waves necessarily meant that there were two sources of vibrations.

One was, of course, Reverberating Lance.

The other could only be the Yin-Yang Shield.

The source of its defensive power was sound vibrations.

Yet, that wasn't the whole explanation.

It didn't explain many things.

For instance, through the mind sense and the SOUL System, Rui knew that the man was currently exerting himself on the Yin-Yang Shield technique. Yet, despite that, he was unable to detect any sound.

The only time the force of the sound showed up was when his attack made contact with the Yin-Yang Shield.

And he had already verified that it wasn't Master Vertol who was actively maintaining the technique.

So why exactly was the sound detectable at the moment and position of impact?

'I need more data.' Rui grew a little excited at the prospect of cracking the mysteries of the Yin-Yang Shield. He couldn't believe that he had somehow happened upon the secrets of the Yin-Yang Shield.

It made sense that he was the one able to gain insights into the technique.

His insights from the nuances of his understanding regarding waves and how they interacted gave him an advantage.

Given that the understanding of the non-esoteric reality of the scientific community of Gaia was highly underdeveloped, it made sense that others had yet to gain insights into the Yin-Yang technique.

However, he wasn't satisfied with merely uncovering the source of the force.

He wanted to understand the intricacies of this mysterious technique.

Not just because it had his fascination but also because the knowledge would help him adaptively evolve to his opponent.

"Sonic Singularity." Rui immediately activated the Yggdrasil System, employing the anti-defense domain technique.

At that moment, the world screamed as an ocean of sound converged on Master Vertol, threatening to cook him inside out.

Yet, it couldn't

VMMM!!!

Rui watched as the two waves of sound interfered in destructive interference.

"Rrrgh…" Master Vertol grimaced as his body was subject to deep stress.

Yet, he endured and withstood it.

His tolerance for stress was far higher than the average Master or even other Masters of the same grade who weren't defense-oriented.

The Yin-Yang Shield held strong, withstanding everything that Rui threw at it. Be it Flowing Canons or Sonic Singularities, Master Vertol was able to withstand everything that was thrown athe threw at him.

Even the best of offense was well within his capacity to defend against.

Rui knew of his type.

This was the type of Martial Artist that dedicated themselves to one or two sub-fields within a single field and ensured that they were the very best in their chosen specialityfield. n/o/vel/b//in dot c//om

In comparison, offense was most certainly not Rui's strong suit at the moment. Yet, the goal of the Sonic Singularity domain was not to defeat Master Vertolhim. The goal was to illuminate how the mechanics of the technique functioned.

Yet, it was only when Rui he saw classic patterns of constructive interference in the man's body that he finally understood what was going on.

"…There isn't just one source of sound," he realized. "There are actually two waves constructively interfering as one."

The superposition was so smooth that without his deep understanding of how waves overlapped, he would have never understood what he was looking at. Without his extensive experience with the Transverse Resonance technique, he, too, would not have noticed the similarities and would have been thoroughly flummoxed by the technique.

Based on his current insights, the technique was comprised of two components.

Internal vibrations and external vibrations.

The former were vibrations that were created inside the body, primarily through the movements of the diaphragm.

The latter were vibrations caused by the muscles. It was very similar to Reverberating Lance. The normal state of the technique when it was active and in effect was that of a state of destructive interference where the two vibrations canceled each other out to such a degree that one would never detect the presence of either.

Yet, the moment the user was disturbed by an external force, the delicate balance that led to an absolute destructive interference was disrupted, causing the two vibrations to interfere constructively. The constructive interference led to the sudden creation of a powerful sound wave at the point of contact with the opponent.

The sudden shift from destructive interference to constructive interference created an extremely convincing illusion. The illusion that the force came into existence out of literally nowhere, one that fooled even the powerful senses of Martial Artists.

That was the secret of the Yin-Yang Shield technique.

The reason this technique was this powerful was that it drew power from more techniques than just the muscular system. It drew power from the diaphragm and across all cells of the Body to contribute to the vibrations.

Master Vertol had most likely been trained to be able to create constant destructive interference without conscious effort such that he could maintain the technique as a matter of muscle memory alone.

WHOOSH

Rui abruptly dispelled both the domain and the Hypertrophic Surge, ceasing his attack altogether.

"What's the matter, young man?" The Master raised an eyebrow. "I'm far from done; your power isn't enough to do me in anytime soon."

Rui didn't respond.

Yet what he did shocked everybody to their very core.

He sat down.

Every single person spectating the battle froze.

They stared at the Void Prince, aghast.

"What… What is the meaning of this?!" Master Vertol barely managed to squeeze words out through his shock.

-



Chapter 2087  Stamina Constraints



Rui smiled inwardly at Master Vertol's reaction. He sat down cross-legged, relaxing while simultaneously activating his stamina metabody, drastically lowering his energy consumption.

"You…" Master Vertol stared at him with pure bewilderment.

"That Yin-Yang technique of yours…" Rui smirked. "…Is it tiring to constantly maintain?"

The Martial Master froze as his eyes widened.

"I asked myself, 'Why does he constantly keep maintaining the Yin-Yang technique instead of only activating when an attack is incoming?'" Rui spoke out nonchalantly. "There are several possibilities, but…"

His gaze met Master Vertol's eyes.

"…the most likely one is that the technique cannot be activated rapidly."

Master Vertol did his best to suppress any reaction that he had, but unfortunately for him, Rui had already created a SOUL model on him.

A smile cracked at the edge of Rui's mouth as he confirmed the truth. "Since it cannot be attacked too quickly, it is far too risky to try and activate it reactively. Thus, it is left permanently active. But that consumes too much energy, so…"

He shrugged. "…I wonder which one of us will run out of energy first."

Master's Vertol's expression grew grave.

As absurd as Rui's strategy seemed, it actually was the worst thing that Master Vertol could deal with.

It was undoubtedly true that Rui's Martial Heart would last longer if the two of them just entered into a pure stamina contest at the moment. Master Vertol was especially certain he would lose this contest because he knew that Rui had consumed a stamina potion.

The only way that defeat wasn't inevitable was if he deactivated the Yin-Yang Shield technique.

Yet, he could not help but hesitate when he gazed into Rui's eyes.

They were the eyes of a predator.

A predator eyeing its prey.

The moment he turned the technique off, Rui would lunge at him like a viper.

The only option left was…

"Hah," he snorted with grudging respect. "Well played, Master Rui. They did not lie when they said that your capacity for Adaptive Evolution exceeds all of ours greatly."

Rui got up silently as he grew more guarded.

"But if you think sitting like a duck is all I can do, then I'm afraid you are sorely mistaken," he growled. Rui didn't bother responding.

That was because he could sense it.

The man's Martial Mind revving into action.

That was when Rui came to make a chilling realization.

'His Martial Mind doesn't empower his defense.' He narrowed his eyes. 'It empowers his offense…!'

There was no strict rule that required one's Martial Mind to be centered around one's field of specialty.

As much as hyperspecialists disdained working outside of their field, it was necessary if they did not want to be rendered obsolete. n/ô/vel/b//in dot c//om

Every defense specialist needed to develop a bit of offense or maneuvering, or else they could not win. The same could be said for specialists in other fields. Master Vertol clearly respected that.

Yet, he chose to keep his Body and Art hyper-specialized for defense while using his Martial Mind for the purpose of offense and maneuvering.

'Steps of Yin-Yang Disharmony.' Master activated his Martial Mind as he studied his opponent. 'Disharmonious pursuit.'

He took a step forward as he triggered the constructive interference of his own accord, using the force to propel him forward.

WHOOSH

Rui's eyes widened as he appeared before Rui in the briefest of moments, ready to charge into him.

WHOOSH

He crashed into an empty image of Rui as the latter applied Phantom Step to leap away, leaving a feinted image behind. Unfortunately, with the predictive and SOUL model active, Rui was almost impossible to catch. He was highly confident in his ability to maneuver evasively.

Yet, Master Vertol was hardly discouraged.

His eyes flared with determination and certainty, fixating on Rui.

They were waiting.

Waiting for the perfect moment.

Unfortunately for him, Rui didn't plan on making it easy for him.

"Breathing Crucifix." Rui applied a powerful hypnosis on him, shackling his breathing.

Master Vertol stiffened as he felt his breathing straining.

This, in turn, required more effort and energy to achieve the same output as before.

While Rui considered using the other techniques of the Metabody System and the Yggdrasil System, he ultimately decided that they were not optimal for adaptively evolving against his opponent.

The moment he used them, he would cede any stamina advantage he had over his opponent. At the moment, the stamina advantage was more precious than either system.

The battle continued as Master Vertol resolutely chased Rui down while Rui enjoyed the strategic benefits of being able to outlast his opponent.

With the combination of Hungry Pain, Final Breathing, and his innate boosted stamina, he strongly threatened to outlast Master Vertol and effortlessly overcome him when his Martial Heart was exhausted.

That was what spurred Master Vertol to pursue an aggressive approach when he was normally a defensive Martial Master.

Unfortunately for Rui, the elder Martial Master was not shaken by this dynamic.

This suggested that he was not entirely unaccustomed to dealing with lower stamina than his opponent.

STEP

He launched himself at remarkable speeds, considering his size, arriving before Rui in the blink of an eye. WHOOSH Rui evaded his charge, stepping away.

Unfortunately, Master Vertol foresaw that. In a swift maneuver, he drastically made a sharp cut, turning towards Rui while preserving as much momentum as possible. His eyes fixated on Rui as he surged forward, waiting for the perfect moment.

And then, it arrived.

STEP

Rui leaped away, facing Master Vertol.

For a moment, his feet didn't touch the ground.

That was the moment that Master Vertol had been waiting for.

CLAP

He swiftly brought his palms and arms together before rapidly opening them, activating a particular breathing technique.

WHOOSH!!!

Rui's eyes widened as an immensely powerful suction force instantly dragged him down the moment his feet left the ground. In an instant, he was dragged into the deadly charge of his opponent.

Yet, instead of a blow, he found himself a bear hug.

CLASP

"Rgh…!" Rui struggled as the powerful, beefy arms of his opponent refused to let him go as the two of them grappled.

-



Chapter 2088  Deceptive Trap



Master Vertol's true offense was not bullrushes or charges.

No.

Those were red herrings.

By constantly charging in over and over, he tricked his opponents into believing that he was a Martial Artist who relied on linear momentum to inflict damage with heavy collisions. His systems of thought relied on constantly conditioning his opponents to be wary of his bullrushes while writing them off as his sole offense.

It was a lie.

He grinned as the two Martial Masters blasted around on the battlefield, grappling with each other.

CLASP!

He pulled Rui into a deeper, deadlier embrace, using all the power he was able to muster in his arms and legs. By further pulling him in, he also subjected Rui to the Yin-Yang Shield, which had now become a full-contact battering ram.

BOOOM!!!

"Rgh!" Rui grimaced as he experienced the full power of Yin-Yang Shield over longer periods of time.

A tremendous amount of pressure converged on him; he would have long broken his bones if not for Nemean Blossom, which was at half power, and Flux Earther dispersing the impact. A half-powered Hypertrophic Surge helped him fight back against his opponent's immense resistance, yet this was where Master Vertol showcased his power.

This was the power of a man who had honed his body for centuries. While enhancing its defense was something that he had focused on the most, his power output was extremely high, far higher than Rui as he had a massive weight advantage in addition to being stronger pound-for-pound.

The two Martial Masters struggled, yet Master Vertol was definitely more comfortable. The Yin-Yang Shield became surprisingly lethal when used in grappling; that was why Master Vertol had spent more than a century refining his grappling trap. Once he snared his opponents in a trap, he could use his greatest shield as his greatest club.

His Martial Mind allowed him to maximize the probability of successfully grappling with his opponents by scrupulously evaluating their reactions, their attention, and their focus. It also allowed him to find the most optimal timing for springing his grappling trap so that he could ensure that the probability of failing to trap them in it was minimal.

Furthermore, the trap itself was something he had painstakingly and tediously burned into muscle memory and pure reflex to minimize the probability that it would be foreseen before it was too late. The lack of conscious intentionality behind the motions was the reason that the SOUL model's reading of intent was delayed, causing Rui to react too late.

The SOUL System was centered around reading the physical intent at its inception, yet he was unable to read their minds to learn of strategies or their systems of thoughts.

That wasn't all.

CLASP

The two of them wrestled in a deadlock as Rui exerted himself to the maximum. Yet, Master Vertol even had a system of thought for grappling.

While Rui's predictive and SOUL models allowed him to foresee his grappling maneuvers, his opponent's system of thought allowed him to grapple in a manner that was most adaptively evolved against his opponent's Body and techniques.

The innate physical superiority, the centuries of deep experience in grappling, the systems of thought specialized for grappling, and actual grappling techniques were strong advantages that gave Master Vertol an extremely high probability of victory.

On the other hand, Rui could predict his moves well ahead of time. He also dispersed much of the man's output over time with his defense. In addition, he continued Breathing Crucifix, stifling the man's full power and draining his stamina even further.

If not for them, Rui probably would have broken some bones under the sheer pressure of the Yin-Yang Shield technique.

However, those weren't the only cards he had to play.

BZZZT

An electric current passed through his opponent's body, interfering with the yin and yang vibrations of the technique, reducing their power. Master Vertol gritted his teeth as the two of them rolled around heaven and earth, furiously struggling with each other.

Master Vertol couldn't help but be amazed at how powerful Rui was even when he had fallen into his opponent's home court.

Even though his systems of thought were not specialized for full-contact grappling, Rui demonstrated that they were so powerful that they didn't require any special affinity to rival and even overcome other systems of thought.

Every time Master Vertol maneuvered, Rui had already long predicted it, ensuring that he had a timely counter prepared at the right moment to prevent his situation from deteriorating any further.

Both of their energy reserves continued plummeting as they exerted immense power each second. Grappling was a field of combat that required continuous exertion of not just a part of their Body but the entirety of it.

It was a field of combat that genuinely tested power and stamina.

Rui would have long lost had he not consumed the Sandflower Nectar Potion.

Thanks to it, he was able to sustain the Metabody System for much longer than he otherwise possibly could. He wasn't worried about it running out of juice at any moment, even if it did consume more energy than his opponent.

While Master Vertol had exerted himself more since the start of the battle, the Yin-Yang Shield technique was a technique that was much less taxing than the Metabody System. This was where the sheer magic of the technique shined the brightest. Despite its extremely high output, it was remarkably low in its difficulty of mastering and execution, making Rui deeply envious.

Neither side was certain of their victory or loss, yet they struggled nonetheless.

Of the two of them, only one side was sustaining damage.

"Rgh…!" Rui grimaced as he tried his best to disperse the heavy impacts of the powerful grade-ten technique.

Unfortunately, the synergy between Flux Earther and his systems of thought was negated greatly in this circumstance. The synergy normally existed because the greater the preparation for the technique, the greater the effectiveness. n/o/vel/b//in dot c//om

Yet, in grappling, he was constantly bombarded with the Yin-Yang Shield technique, making any notion of preparation irrelevant. The odds were not in his favor.



Chapter 2089  Track record



Rui struggled with all his might as he leveraged Hypertrophic Surge, Fire Breathing, and Outer Convergence to make the best of what he had. He fought, using Thunder Coil to cause a light paralysis effect on his opponent while using Breathing Crucifix to shackle his breathing.

Yet, with each passing moment, it was he who suffered damage as the extraordinary technique subjected him to tremendous amounts of pressure from the constructively interfering sound vibrations that blasted at him.

The only thing that stood between him and a shattered skeleton was Nemean Blossom and Flux Earther.

Yet, not even they could hold out forever.

CRACK!

He gritted his teeth as he felt a pair of ribs breaking, only growing more desperate as time passed. Yet, Master Vertol recognized the faint scent of victory as his eyes grew steely with determination.

If Rui managed to break out of the grappling battle, then his victory was secured.

The grappling trap that Master Vertol had perfected and refined for more than a century was one of the reasons that he had managed to earn a high-grade evaluation. Yet, in exchange for a highly effective grappling trap, the greatest flaw of the technique was that once his opponent knew about it, the probability of it succeeding was extremely low.

Against Rui, Master Vertol knew that he would never succeed with the trap ever again. Rui had already demonstrated that his strategic and tactical Adaptive Evolution was extremely high, enabling him to pick the most objectively superior strategy at hand.

That was why Master Vertol couldn't let go.

No matter what.

His expression crumpled with steely determination as he pushed himself to the absolute limit. He would die before he let Rui go.

Yet, he didn't need to.

Rui had yet to inflict a spec of damage on him. n/o/vel/b//in dot c//om

"Arckgh…!" Rui coughed a spout of blood as he began hemorrhaging internally.

Once the wounds he suffered crossed a certain threshold, they only accelerated his collapse. His resistance grew weaker, while Master Vertol only heightened his efforts.

The end came sooner than one would expect.

STEP

The other five Masters arrived at their spot.

"Release him, Master Vertol, lest you kill him after you've won."

Master Vertol widened his eyes in alarm as he realized that Rui had already fallen unconscious, releasing him from his lock.

Rui had lost the first of six battles.

A few minutes later, he woke up, and a heavy sigh escaped him.

"I lost."

His eyes closed as he recalled the ending of the battle; he had felt dizzy as his vision had blurred.

"…Damn," Rui murmured. "It's been so long that I almost forgot what it feels like."

Defeat.

He couldn't even remember the last time that he had been defeated.

"Everyone experiences defeat, Your Highness," Master Vertol coaxed him with gentle respect. "It is truly astounding that you are able to overcome me at your age. I truly look forward to what you will accomplish in the future. Furthermore, this is merely your first battle out of six. You have plenty more to go."

Rui smiled wryly at the elderly Martial Artist's attempt to encourage him, as if he was afraid that Rui would be deeply discouraged.

Of course, Rui most certainly wasn't.

In fact, he would even go as far as to say that he was grateful for the loss.

It shed clear light on his now-glaring shortcomings.

His offense was even more lacking than he had realized.

The fact that he wasn't able to inflict any damage on his opponent was proof of just how much he was lacking. He needed a powerful offensive technique that was highly synergetic with his systems of thought.

This time, he wanted something that was even more synergetic with them than even the Phantom Step and Flux Earther.

He wanted to create an offense that was even more potent.

Thankfully, this battle had given him an exciting option.

However, this was not something to be explored at the moment. First, he needed to overcome his other opponents so that he could earn additional battle experience and gain a better understanding of where he stood.

PAT PAT Rui dusted out his Martial attire before consuming some potent healing potion to return him to his peak state. Ever since he had enhanced his Body and prolonged his life, he needed even greater potions to recuperate.

"I'm ready," Rui's tone was certain.

"…Then let us immediately proceed to the next battle."

The following battles ensued, one after another, as Rui was pushed far with each of them.

None of the Masters that he fought with were anything less than very strong.

Rui ended up undergoing a bit of a perspective shift, even.

His prized trump cards that, in the Senior Realm, used to be game-enders, did not allow him to dominate his battles against these opponents.

For one, their Martial Minds were truly remarkable.

Although his was definitely an order of magnitude stronger, they more than compensated with way more physical evolution, far greater Martial Art techniques, and additional synergy between said techniques and Martial Mind.

They were very well capable of handling everything that he threw at them.

They were high-grade Martial Masters for a reason. Each one of them was deeply unique in many ways. Their Martial Minds had so much individuality that it was difficult to even put them in the same category. It was like trying to put sumo wrestlers in the same category as boxers.

By the time the six battles were over, an entire day had passed.

Thanks to the boost to stamina, Rui's ability to rely on stamina as a winning strategy increased while he was forced to be impatient. These six battles allowed him to understand exactly how much stronger he had gotten as a result of the stamina potion while also giving him some experience with that strength.

He gained an intuitive understanding of how to best apply his increased stamina in combat.

By the time the rest of the battles ended, he had won three, lost two, and drew one.

-



