Chapter 1861  Valuation



While the mutual-aid agreement was rather smoothly settled, it was ultimately low-hanging fruit. It was not one of the more contentious avenues of discourse that Rui would need to delicately mediate.

"With that, the Martial Union's remaining important interests in the partnership with the Silas Clan are their prophetic services," Rui began. "The Silas Clan's remaining interests are longevity potions, which are not strictly required from the Martial Union, and Martial Art resources, including but not limited to techniques, training and growth resources, Squire evolution breakthrough procedures, etc. Is this a fair assessment of the remaining primary interests of both parties?"

The four Martial Sages nodded wordlessly.

"I am not too keen on my clan selling prophetic services," Matriarch Nephi narrowed her eyes. "The prophecy technique drains our lifespan. Frankly, no amount of currency is worth it."

"That is understandable," The Mountain of Fortitude gently nodded. "However, our intelligence sources have indicated that you yourself are not subject to this price. Is that correct?"

"…It is true that I do not suffer from it, yes."

"In that case, we are willing to procure prophetic services from you alone," the Flickering Elder continued. "Naturally, you shall be remunerated on the basis of your status as a Martial Sage and the value of the services you are providing. We hope that you will be open to trading your services. You can rest assured that the rest of the ten of us also engage in such services."

"…I am open to the prospects in return for equally valuable resources."

"We can offer you enough wealth to buy nations."

"I care not for wealth," Matriarch Nephi snorted. "My prophecies are strategically game-changing. In return for them, I want a similar supply of longevity potions for my clan."

"…That can be arranged for," the Mountain of Fortitude nodded. "It's a reasonable exchange of goods and services. The only question is how we can determine an exchange rate. It is difficult to quantify the value of prophecy."

Prophecy was information. It did not have a monetary cost of production. Thus, its baseline value could not be estimated with a profit margin. There was no easy solution to valuing it.

Fortunately, Rui had sharply foreseen this problem well ahead of time, having arrived at a solution.

"It's simple," Rui remarked calmly. "We can use a hypothetical differential system to evaluate the losses suffered by the Martial Union had Matriarch Nephi's prophecy. For instance, if Matriarch Nephi foresees a tsunami from the Great Nam Ocean and ultimately prevents it with the Martial Masters prepared for the event, we can estimate the damage it would have done, damage that would not have been prevented by Matriarch Nephi's prophecy and evaluate the capital loss suffered as a result. Matriarch Nephi will be entitled to half of that capital, which can be used to estimate how many longevity potions she has earned."

It was not straightforward and would be complicated and tricky, but it got to the heart of the value of prophecy. Indeed, the value of prophecy was in its power to prevent undesirable unforeseen circumstances and manifest desirable circumstances.

"…That sounds extremely complicated, Senior Rui," the Mountain of Fortitude raised an eyebrow. "How would you go about evaluating hypothetical loss, and who would be responsible."

"There exist modeling methodologies; in addition, the information from Matriarch Nephi's prophecy is powerful. We can cooperate and deliberate to figure out the value. I can have my faction whip up a team dedicated just to representing Matriarch Nephi in this regard."

Rui knew that the Silas Clan had no ability to competently deliberate in this regard due to their lack of conventional education and knowledge. Thus, he was more than willing to put qualified teams in charge to handle each case and ensure that his grandmother was not short-changed.

"…That is an acceptable arrangement," the Flickering Elder thoughtfully considered. "It won't always be easy to come to an agreement on the value of a prophecy."

"I'm sure we'll manage, Your Sagehood."

Rui didn't think that the Martial Union would try to use this to exploit his grandmother; it was an extremely foolish move.

His grandmother would simply stop selling her prophetic power to the Martial Union if she was being short-changed. In fact, she might choose to direct her services to other parts of the nation, such as the Kandrian Border Patrol Force or Kandrian Security Agency or the military.

This was an extremely undesirable outcome for the Martial Union. They needed to keep Matriarch Nephi happy; otherwise, she had no qualms about never selling to them again.

"I, too, am satisfied with this particular manner of evaluation," she nodded. "I shall entrust the matter to you, my grandson."

"Rest assured that I will handle it," Rui reassured her. "With that, we have fulfilled all of the Martial Union's interests and objectives regarding their partnership with the Silas Clan. On the other hand, the Silas Clan has one remaining final interest which is the Martial Union's Martial Art resources." Th.ê most uptod/at𝓮 n𝒐vels a/re published on n(0)velbj)n(.)c/o/m

He turned towards his grandmother. "The Martial Union has fulfilled its objectives; thus it will be up to you to provide an offer in return for their vast Martial Art resources."

"How does one normally procure them?" She asked, turning to Rui.

"By exchanging Martial Credits that can only be earned through Martial Art commissions or through special agreements," Rui replied. "As someone who has spent much of his lower Realms in the Martial Union's system, I can assure you that the Martial Union offers plenty of opportunity for redeeming its resources. The system is designed such that as long as a Martial Apprentice, Squire, or Senior works hard, they can continue gaining a reasonable amount of resources from the Martial Union through the Martial Credits that they have earned."

"Hm," she narrowed her eyes. "And this extends all the way to the Upper Realms?"

"It does, matriarch," the Mountain of Fortitude calmly reassured. "There is a reason that the Martial Union has managed to retain such high partnership with all the Martial Artists associated with us."

-



Chapter 1862  Escalation



"Are you suggesting that the Silas Clan partake in the Martial Union's brokering system to earn Martial Credits through missions and earn the Martial Union's resources in that manner?" Matriarch Nephi frowned.

"Yes. It is the norm," the Flickering Elder remarked. "There are several Martial Families with Sage-level leaders similar to the Silas Clan. When it comes to the Martial Union's services, the members of these families work for themselves and earn their resources. Their families do not bail them out; it is not part of the Martial culture in the Martial Union to give bailouts to our Martial Artists."

"Hm," Matriarch Nephi considered the Martial Union's words. "…In that case, I suppose I shall conform to the norm. How good is the Martial Union's system?"

She turned towards her grandson.

"The best," Rui replied. "I have especially learned of how good its system is after spending time outside of Kandria. Nothing else even remotely compares to the sheer convenience that the Martial Union has to offer. It isn't absolutely perfect; nothing is, but it is the closest to perfect that I have ever seen. You would be hard-pressed to find any other system that so seamlessly and speedily connects millions of Martial Artists to millions of clients across the world, accounting for all their needs and preferences and adhering to all constraints."

That was high praise, but Rui meant every word he said. Even when one compared Sage-level powerhouses, the other three in East Panama possessed systems that were not as efficient and effective as the Martial Union.

Although Rui was not an expert on each of them, he knew they had deep flaws compared to the Kandrian Empire.

The Republic of Gorteau had a powerful commercial and finance sector that somehow managed to gobble up the Martial sector. Martial Artists were hired by Martial contractors who then essentially pimped them out to clients and customers or the government, and there were also Martial Insurance Companies that not only required hefty investments but also took a cut from taxes for emergency supplies of Martial Art services and security at low prices.

It was extremely exploitative to younger and weaker Martial Artists as well as the citizens of Gorteau.

The Sekighara Confederate was basically a state run by Martial clans that effectively functioned as Martial mafia gangs that controlled who could learn Martial Art and who couldn't. Only younglings who swore loyalty to a Martial Clan could earn the right to pursue Martial Art. Pursuing Martial Art without authorization was actually prohibited. The clients within the nation were extorted with outrageous taxes for the services of the Martial Clans that ruled over them, and the status difference between non-Martial Artists and Martial Artists was the greatest.

The Britannian Empire was a Martial nation where the army was the only organization allowed to hire Martial Artists and the only opportunity for Martial Artists was moving up the ranks in the military. Martial Artists had no freedom to choose their clients and instead would be forced to undertake designated missions or be charged with treason.

In comparison to these horrific systems in place, the Kandrian Martial Union was a breath of fresh air. It gave Martial Artists maximum freedom and opportunity in all dimensions of Martial services, including freedom to choose their customers, freedom to choose their missions, and freedom to choose any other parameter that they pleased.

It had the least and minimal amount of coercion and only at the lowest level, and even then, it was not genuine coercion, as Marital Artists could swiftly terminate their contracts at any given moment as long as they were not mid-mission. They could also pursue different kinds of contracts and arrangements with the Martial Union.

It was, as far as Rui was concerned, the best system in East Panama.

In that regard, he was undoubtedly very blessed and privileged to be born in the Kandrian Empire, even if he was biased by that fact.

"Hm, in that case, we shall endeavor to be a part of the system and conform to tradition," Matriarch Nephi readily agreed. "However, we are unaccustomed to working in such a situation."

"Rest assured that we can very much help you with that," the Mountain of Fortitude nodded encouragingly. "The language barrier may prove to be tricky but not insurmountable; we will undertake the burden of handling those."

Matriarch Nephi nodded. "In that case, I have no issue with my clan acquiring the Martial Art resources of the Martial Union."

With that, the core interests of both parties had been fulfilled extremely quickly, just as Rui had hoped. Of course, writing out the contract would still take time and require effort, but he was grateful for the fact that the most important stuff had been dealt with.

"Well, I'm sure our legal teams can hash out the details of the contract," Rui heaved a sigh. "And with that-"

"-Not yet!" The Hugging Hegemon interjected firmly. Thê sourc𝗲 of this conte/nt n/o/v/(𝒆l)bi((n))

RUMBLE

Rui shook under the wave of pressure that erupted from her.

Rui glanced at her with a dubious expression.

"…Your Sagehood?" The air grew tumultuous as her grin widened.

Rui gritted his teeth, struggling to maintain his composure.

She wasn't even flexing her aura.

This was just a consequence of the weight of her emotion!

"We have yet to address the most important matter of all!" She declared.

The Mountain of Fortitude and the Flickering Elder scowled at her, fully understanding her intentions.

"Sto-"

"-A MARTIAL CONTEST TO DETERMINE SAGE RANKING!" She bellowed with excitement. The weight of her voice contained the power to annihilate a mountain range.

It threatened to crush Rui.

WHOOSH!

Matriarch Nephi narrowed her eyes, waving her hand as she conjured up a barrier of heaven to protect her grandson while the Mountain of Fortitude neutralized the devastating power with ease.

"This is why I hate the Fire Sect," the Flickering Elder glared at the Hugging Hegemon. "What is the meaning of this?" Matriarch Nephi glared perilously at the Hugging Hegemon.

The air boiled as the Hugging Hegemon threw all civility out the window.

-



Chapter 1863 Provocation

﻿﻿"You need to find your place in the hierarchy of the Martial Union," the Hugging Hegemon calmed down a bit, yet a flame still flickered in her eyes. "To do that, you'll have to fight us, starting from the weakest to the strongest, to determine exactly where you're ranked."

RUMBLE

The air grew prickled.

"And why must I do this?" Matriarch Nephi narrowed her eyes.

A sharp smile appeared on the Hugging Hegemon's face.

"Because you're a Martial Artist, of course."

Her powerful eyes bored into the matriarch's. "What's the matter? Scared? Is the oh-so-mighty leader of the Silas Clan a little wuss who can't fight for herself? Her pride and honor? Or is your prophecy too weak for that?"

Matriarch Nephi's rage flared. "You dare disrespect me?! You dare insult my prophetic power?!"

"If you want respect…" The Hugging Hegemon grinned. "You're gonna have to earn it. So far all I see is a Martial Sage with a big ego who spent her life running away and hiding."Thê sourc𝗲 of this conte/nt n/o/v/(𝒆l)bi((n))

It was blatantly evident what the Hugging Hegemon was trying to do.

She was trying to bait the Silas Matriarch into a fight, essentially.

Unfortunately, even if Matriarch Nephi was aware of her intentions, her pride in her prophecy could not allow her to back down.

Additionally, she was indeed a Martial Artist.

Martial Artists respected power.

This was a simple truth.

And it was a truth that she could not run away from.

If she wanted to truly earn the respect of her peers in the Kandrian Empire, she would have to demonstrate her power and earn it.

Matriarch Nephi closed her eyes. "So be it. I shall demonstrate the superiority of prophecy in combat. You shall learn why I am called the Celestial Seer."

Rui raised an eyebrow with a hint of curiosity.

That was indeed an extravagant nickname that conveyed majesty.

"Hehe, then let's begin!"

"No," the Mountain of Fortitude and the Flickering Elder narrowed their eyes as they glared at the Hugging Hegemon.

"Why not?!"

"You'll destroy half the Kandrian Empire. If you want, you can fight her yourself in some other remote part of the continent."

"Tsk, spoilsports," the Hugging Hegemon grumbled.

She turned to the matriarch with a mischievous grin. "I'll see you on the battlefield."

"Which battlefield?"

"…I will find a place and then send you the location."

WHOOSH

She was gone.

Rui heaved a sigh, shaking his head lightly.

He would be lying if he said he wasn't curious as to how she compared to the Kandrian Empire.

The prophecy Martial Path was undoubtedly very potent and high-grade with versatile application.

His grandmother most likely had an edge against the Martial Sages of the Martial Union in that regard.

However, she had broken through to the Sage Realm just a few years ago. That was definitely a disadvantage compared to her peers, who had had more time to acclimatize to the power of the Sage Realm and make even further progress.

Unfortunately, it didn't appear as though Rui would be invited to the battle between the Martial Sages.

Hell, he doubted he was qualified to witness the battle in the first place.

"We apologize for her rudeness," the Mountain of Fortitude heaved a tired sigh.

"Hmph, it's not particularly shocking," the matriarch snorted. "Besides, her words, rude and disrespectful as they were, contained an inkling of truth that could not be ignored."

"We hope to speak with you more once as and once we finalize the agreement between both parties and sign the contracts," the Flickering Elder smiled friendlily to the matriarch of the Silas Clan. "The availability of your prophetic power has opened up paths and doors to the Union, Empire, and use Martial Sages that were previously unavailable. I believe that you can help us grow stronger by foreseeing the outcomes of certain pursuits of power."

That was definitely a clever and resourceful use of the prophetic services to shorten the time that they needed to make gains.

In fact, those weren't the only ways her prophetic power could be used.

There were so many ways that it was no wonder that the world hunted the Silas Clan.

It did make his job of coming up with a system to evaluate the value of prophecy by the outcomes they produced harder. He would definitely need to invest some serious capital to ensure that the team he put together would be able to accurately evaluate her contributions with her prophecies.

"I suppose with that, our meeting comes to an end," Rui remarked. "We have managed to arrive at firm agreements on several matters, and while hashing out the details will take some time, it is all but set and established. I would say this meeting has been a success."

The Flickering Elder smiled at the matriarch. "While we represent the Sage Council, the other Martial Sages will want to speak to you as well, aside from two of them, perhaps. We hope that you will seriously consider meeting each of them and come to an arrangement with all of them. We often trade out services with each other informally. It is stuffy and inconvenient to go through a contract each time. We also often spar and train with each other. Experience is important and relevant at all Realms."

Matriarch Nephi nodded, interested. "…I do lack experience in the Sage Realm, unfortunately. I have yet to fight a Martial Sage, although I have fought Sage-level beasts in the Beast Domain. Prior to joining the Kandrian Empire, seeking out a Martial Sage would be unthinkable for me due to the security risks. But now that I am in a nation with allied Martial Sages, I do look forward to making the best out of this opportunity and training hard against different kinds of Martial Sages."

The three Martial Sages discussed several matters after the official deliberations had concluded while Rui remained silent, taking the privilege to listen to a conversation that he normally would never have a chance to listen to.



Chapter 1864  Arrangements



Soon enough, the first meeting between the Silas Clan and the Martial Union had concluded rather swiftly as the two entities managed to come to a conclusion of the spirit of the agreement.

Matriarch Nephi set out to god-knew-where to pick fights with the Hugging Hegemon and whoever else; Rui had begun endeavoring to conclude some of the final-most tasks he had left in Kandria before he was to set out for the Adventurer's Guild.

He needed to ensure that his faction worked on establishing a team that would negotiate well for Matriarch Nephi to ensure that the value of her prophecies was not short-changed.

He also needed to wait to hear her issue her prophecy on the Divine Doctor.

He swiftly endeavored to ensure that the Silas Clan reached a stable position form within the Kandrian Empire.

That was not particularly easy to do.

A lot of people were interested in the Silas Clan.

They were not necessarily deterred by the fact that it seemed clear that the Silas Clan was to join the Martial Union as a partner and honorary member by virtue of joining their fiscal committee.

After all, this did not mean that the Silas Clan could not forge a relationship with any other entity in the Kandrian Empire.

Many Martial Artists and nations were partnered with the Kandrian Martial Union, but this did not mean that they were unable to trade in the free market.

Rui knew that now that it appeared that the Silas Clan was here to stay, the various power blocs of the Kandrian Empire were going to do their best to wring away the Silas Clan in their direction and try and forge trade relations to harness their Martial and prophetic capital. Most likely, the Silas Clan would be bombarded with delegations and invitations of all kinds very shortly.

Of course, Rui did not intend to allow this to happen.

Matriarch Nephi had already made it clear that she didn't particularly care about engaging with the rest of the Empire to any extent. The Martial Union was powerful enough and perfect for fulfilling all their needs and desires.

Thus, in order to ensure that the Kandrian Empire would be unable to bother the Silas Clan, he employed his considerable political and economic capital to make several arrangements in this direction. Thê sourc𝗲 of this conte/nt n/o/v/(𝒆l)bi((n))

First, he had the Kandrian National Bank establish an account for the Silas Clan within an extremely rapid timeframe, to which he donated a substantial amount of his own Foundation's wealth. Then, he had the Ministry of Land Resources, one of the high-ranking government officials of his faction, sell an enormous patch of land in the Irvilia Forest to the Silas Clan, large enough to more than accommodate all their living, hunting, and even Martial activities. With that, the Silas Clan owned the patch of land Rui had prepared for them.

In other words, no party could enter the land without permission from the Silas Clan. And since the Silas Clan was highly self-sufficient and insular, this essentially cut-off any opportunity for the rest of Kandria to dog the Silas Clan for their prophecy or Martial services.

He also informed the Silas Clan about this development, to which they promptly rejoiced and immediately set up a fence and a border, marking their enormous territory.

Kandria was not pleased, but there was nothing they could do. Rui had too much power.

He did not intend to allow their greed for power to cause the Silas Clan to develop a negative view of the Kandrian Empire, causing them to potentially question their decision to migrate to the Empire.

It would be the height of incompetence to fumble this priceless opportunity by driving the Silas Clan away from the Kandrian Empire.

He also passed detailed instructions to his staff about what to do in various possible circumstances regarding the Silas Clan, ensuring that even while he was gone, searching for the Divine Doctor, everything would be fine just at home.

Simultaneously, he made arrangements for a slow, eventual integration into Kandrian society. The biggest challenge was getting rid of the language barrier, which would take several years most likely.

Only once the language barrier was gone could he then ease them into modern society bit by bit.

The point of this was to serve as an anchor for the Silas Clan to ensure that the probability of them leaving the Kandrian Empire was extremely low.

The speed and ease with which Rui was able to suppress much of the Kandrian Empire from harassing the Silas Clan was a testament to how powerful his faction was. It was almost like he was close to becoming the de-facto Emperor of Kandria.

The more he wielded his enormous power, the more the upper echelons of the Kandrian Empire treated him as the effective ruler of Kandria. Every word he uttered to the world would be treated as the word of Kandria. He needed to tread extremely carefully with everything he did and said.

He deeply disliked that. It was power, but that same power shackled him. He disliked the weight, and it would only magnify if he sat on the throne and actually took the position of Emperor. It made him more resolved to find the Divine Doctor and make him heal his father by force if he needed to. His mind returned to the intelligence that the Beggar Sage supplied to him as he considered the data that the man had prepared for Rui. From things like the Divine Doctor's general travel habits and patterns in the Human Domain to, more importantly, his starting point in the Beast Domain.

This was extremely important since it eliminated more than half of the Beast Domain as plausible areas where the Divine Doctor could be since the data indicated that the Divine Doctor had entered the Beast Domain through this section of the Beast Domain intentionally.

The intentionality reduced the probability that he would wind up finding himself on the other side of the Beast Domain, though not impossible. With information from the Divine Doctor in corroboration with the Adventurer Guild and hopefully some vital tips from his grandmother, he would rapidly be able to trace the Divine Doctor's tracks.

-



Chapter 1865  Outcomes



A few days later, his grandmother finally returned from wherever it was that she went. She heaved a tired sigh upon return, taking a good long rest.

Naturally, Rui couldn't contain his curiosity.

"How'd it go, grandmother?" He asked once she had recuperated for some time.

"Hmph, the Martial Sages of Kandria were stronger than I had expected. But I still managed to secure rank four."

Rui's eyes lit up at those words. "You mean you beat seven of them?!"

As far as Rui was concerned, that was incredible.

Martial Sages of the Kandrian Empire were stronger than their peers for the same reason that Kandrian Martial Artists of other Realms were also stronger than the average Martial Artist.

The Kandrian Empire had better everything as far as Martial Art went.

Thus, the fact that his grandmother was able to defeat seven of them and rank fourth was quite incredible. This was especially the case when she had recently broken through to the Sage Realm and did not possess as much experience with the Sage Realm as the Martial Sages of the Martial Union.

It was all thanks to the potency of her Martial Art. V/\IssịT n0(v)eL/b(i)(n).𝘤𝑜/𝓂 for the b/est novel reading experi/en/ce

"Most importantly, I managed to defeat that obnoxious woman and restore my pride and the pride of the Silas Clan," she snorted.

"The Hugging Hegemon? You actually beat her?" Rui stared at her incredulously.

"Indeed," Matriarch Nephi heaved a tired sigh. "She was the toughest of the seven to beat."

"So then, who did you lose to?"

"…The little one."

"The Flickering Elder?"

"Do not judge her by her size," Matriarch Nephi snorted. "She is far stronger than you could ever imagine."

"Woah…" Rui murmured. Rui didn't know that she was the third-strongest Martial Sage in the Kandrian Empire. Truly, looks could be deceiving.

"Regardless, it was a good exercise," Matriarch Nephi huffed. "I have become stronger as a result of gaining some experience. Next time, I shall be able to perform even better."

He listened with curiosity and fascination as she regaled her tales of her battles against the Martial Sages of the Martial Union. Naturally, she didn't go into any particular depth about them, but she did speak about the Martial Sages in a general sense.

"The Drunk Dame was the easiest for me to fight," Matriarch Nephi remarked. "Largely because she had extremely poor compatibility against me and because she wasn't all that strong. No amount of drunkness can evade my prophecy."

Pride saturated her voice. "The Sloth Sage was trickier, but ultimately, I was able to get him as well," she remarked. "I almost lost because of exhaustion; his stamina may as well be endless. Prolonged fights against that man are a blunder unlike any other."

Rui nodded, prodding her along as he learned more about seven of the ten Sages.

"The Flashing Flier also had poor compatibility against me," Matriarch Nephi remarked. "His speed was extraordinary, but his trajectories were much more predictable. My prophecies ate him alive."

The Flashing Flier was Sage Dagar Roschem, Fiona's father. In other words, his grandmother beat her father. It was juvenile, but Rui couldn't help but feel smug.

"So the Flickering Elder was the most difficult to fight?" Rui raised an eyebrow.

"No, actually," she narrowed her eyes. "Soon after, the man they call the Devil arrived, challenging me to a duel. Hmph, as if I would accept. I have pride in my prophecy, but I am aware that I am not the strongest. I had no intention of fighting him until…"

Her expression grew ugly. "…he said he would only use a single arm in battle and nothing else. He said if I win, he would personally secure longevity potions for all the members of the Silas Clan."

"What?!" Rui's eyes widened with shock. "And the result…?"

Her expression grew uglier. "He defeated me."

"…"

"Huff…" Matriarch Nephi shook her head lightly. "This is what happens when a genius Martial Artist trains non-stop for more than four centuries without his drive waning even a little. You get a monster of a Martial Sage with unparalleled power."

Rui stared at her in shock.

He knew that Kane's father was strong. But he didn't know the man was this strong!

It was difficult to imagine his grandmother with her prophecy, losing to a Martial Sage with such an impediment in his power holding him back. Yet, clearly, it was more than possible.

"He is probably the strongest Martial Sage in the Kandrian Empire," Matriarch Nephi shook her head with a sigh. "Nevertheless, I have earned the respect that I am due by showing the world the power of the Silas Clan. And now that I am in the Kandrian Empire…"

Determination flickered in her eyes. "…I shall make good of its resources to focus on training and elevating myself to a higher degree. This was something that I was largely unable to do when we of the Silas Clan were still nomadic."

Now that she no longer had to worry about the safety of her clan nearly as much, she had more time to dedicate herself to her own power.

She turned to Rui. "Now then, I shall cater to your request. I have had time to consider the information you have provided and to let it sink in. I believe that I am now able to supply you with a prophecy that can help you find the Divine Doctor."

Rui's eyes lit up with enthusiasm. "Great. Let's get right to it."

Her eyes grew a tag more severe. "I must warn you, the Beast Domain is…difficult to scry. My visions of the future are not always entirely decipherable when it comes to it. The information is disjointed and can be incoherent."

Rui raised an eyebrow. "How bad can it get?"

His grandmother winced. "It is better than I show you, then tell you. Prepare yourself."

She waved her hand, conjuring a barrier of heaven to separate her little shed from the rest of the Silas Clan for the timebeing.

-



Chapter 1866 Who Are You?

RUMBLE

Rui's eyes widened as the world shook.

The air grew tumultuous, boiling, as it was wrung by the power that Matriarch Nephi manifested.

She conjured a barrier between herself and Rui to protect him and shield her visage from him, yet he could feel his grandmother's powerful Martial Heart blooming into power, followed by her Martial Mind.

Yet, that wasn't all. A third Realm of power far greater than the previous bloomed alongside them, elevating herself to a much greater degree of power.

Rui gritted his teeth as he struggled to withstand the pressure that she was emanating.

"Behold."

Her voice graced him.

"The future."

His eyes widened as she dispelled the barrier, and her Martial Embodiment bloomed in his mind at full power. VịSit no(v)3lb/!n(.)c𝒐m for new 𝒏ov𝒆l𝒔

Suddenly, the entire world around him changed.

He found himself standing on a path.

A path that he had trodden his entire life.

No.

A path he had walked even before his life.

The world around him was completely different. One moment, he was in the shed of his grandmother in the Ilvilia Forest; the very next moment, the world around him shifted, becoming something else entirely.

It had become a world of tribulations.

Rui's expression grew horrified as he bore witness to an endless sea of calamities as far as the eye could see.

Earthquakes, volcanoes, tornados, hurricanes, blizzard storms ravaged the world around him. All manners of monsters and beasts unleashed an onslaught unto the lands around them.

His path wound through them.

It was a perilous path.

No sane man would walk down this path.

Yet, nonetheless, he chose to.

It called out to him.

It lulled him, drawing him in.

He would walk the path no matter what.

"Your mind hijacked my prophecy with its own," she frowned. "I did not know it was possible for an awakened bodyforger to resist and override my Martial Embodiment to such an extent."

Rui broke out of his reverie in a startle. "Uh, sorry."

However, her words caught his attention.

This was not the first time he saw this vision.

He had seen it many times in the past.

He didn't know why, but it was almost like a visual representation of his Martial Path. He had seen it in visions, in dreams, and now, in a Martial Embodiment.

Yet, she called it a prophecy.

His eyes returned to the visions that his mind conjured up in her Martial Embodiment. "This…is a prophecy?"

Her eyes bore deep into her grandson's. "Your prophecy. The visual representation of the Martial Embodiment is a product of the Martial Artist whose embodiment it is and the mind of the beholder of the Martial Embodiment."

Rui knew that.

Master Ceeran had told him something similar himself. It was the reason that he saw Master Ceeran's Martial Embodiment as a missile launcher of homing missiles from Earth while everyone else saw siege weapons of Gaia.

It appeared that in the case of Matriarch Nephi, it allowed the beholder to create their own prophecies!

His eyes widened in shock as the implications of this shook him!

"Do you now understand why people seek my prophecy?" She calmly asked with pride in her voice. "I can bestow a fraction of my power to others. At least, as long as they're not lesser beings. Non-Martial Artists cannot bear to know the future."

"…Incredible," Rui whispered.

"Regardless, that is not what I wanted to show you; I just didn't expect your mind to be this powerful. You will redefine what is possible when you break through to the Master Realm. Regardless, for now…" She narrowed her eyes, exerting a fraction of her full power.

Suddenly, Rui felt himself losing control of the visions as she directed him to see what she wanted to show him.

RUMBLE!

The world shook as a myriad of visions flashed through Rui's mind.

The Beast Domain.

The prophecy evoked the information that Rui associated with it all in a messy flash: the depiction of it on maps and the information he learned about it during his crash course on it, as well as the real visuals of it from Matriarch Nephi's memories.

It was a black box.

Not even the senses of powerful Martial Artists could peer into its depths.

Miracles and wonders were hidden within its depths. Supernatural fantasies and reality-defying tribulations were hidden away within its depths.

As well as a certain man.

Rui's eyes widened as distorted and flashing visions of a man.

The vision was blurred. He wore a worn-out medical coat with an array of medical tools adorned across multiple belts and straps across his entire body. A variety of instruments and artifacts made him look like the fusion between a doctor and an adventurer.

He couldn't see the man's eyes.

He could see his smile.

A normal, pleasant smile.

Yet, it couldn't hide his inhuman glee.

This man was a monster.

He opened his mouth.

A single question escaped him.

"Who are you?"

An ordinary question. One that one might hear without so much as batting an eye. Yet, for some reason, when Rui heard that question, he felt only one thing.

Despair.

"Huff…" He breathed heavily. "Huff…"

His grin widened as he cackled with glee and amusement. A deep malevolence echoed in the depths of his laughter. Rui couldn't see his eyes, yet he could feel his attention peering into Rui's eyes.

He was laughing at Rui.

In that moment, Rui felt but one thing.

Fear.

Raw terror overcame Rui.

Horror, unlike anything he had ever felt.

He felt more fear towards the man before him than he had ever felt in his entire life. The fear he had felt from Chairman Deacon. The fear he felt from Master Uma, the fear he felt from Martial Sages, the fear of death…

None of them could compare.

None of them could compare to the soul-rending primordial Fear that the man evoked within the depths of his soul.

He cackled at Rui's fear with endless amusement.

-



Chapter 1867  Clues



His breathing strained as his heart beat at a heightened pace. His Martial Heart burst into power subconsciously as glowing red streaks flashed across hi body as his circulatory system flowed.

Suddenly, the vision disappeared as he returned back to reality.

"My child," Matriarch Nephi patted him with concern. "What happened?"

"I-I don't know." Rui's eyes swam around subconsciously as he struggled to regain his composure. "I just-"

He choked.

Words could not describe the torment he experienced. He didn't understand.

He didn't understand what had just happened.

"Perhaps we should take a small break," Matriarch Nephi suggested with concern and worry. "Sometimes, my prophecies can be overwhelming. It is a large amount of information being flooded into the mind, after all. The subconscious mind sometimes rejects it, while the conscious mind actively seeks it. This disharmony can bring about mental stress, which is experienced as anguish."

Rui sat down on a small wooden stump in the shed, taking deep breaths to calm himself down.

"…What happened, my child?" She gazed at him with concern.

The air grew severe.

Rui inhaled deeply, closing his eyes.

"I think I saw the Divine Doctor…" Rui murmured softly as his eyes swam around.

"…Isn't that a good thing?" Matriarch Nephi asked.

Her tone was careful and gentle.

"It is, but…" Rui's hand covered his heart. "…He asked me a question."

Just the memory of it brought about an emotional turmoil, an echo of what he felt in the prophecy.

"…Question?" "Yeah…" Rui whispered, turning to meet his grandmother's gaze.

"Who am I?"

Matriarch Nephi's eyes sharpened. "But it wasn't a question," Rui whispered. "It was the answer."

"Tsk. Meddling fool," Matriarch Nephi muttered under her breath.

Rui's eyebrows furrowed at that strange remark. "What?"

"Nothing." She closed her eyes. "Forget about it. It's nothing at all."

Rui narrowed his eyes sharply at her sudden dismissal of it.

She knew something.

That was odd. The knowledge bases of Matriarch Nephi and the Divine Doctor ought not to overlap. Yet it seemed as if that question held significance to both of them.

His conscious mind immediately raced into action as it furiously processed the information, outputting hundreds of possibilities, each less likely than the one before it.

"If you know something, I would appreciate it if you shared it," Rui remarked.

"I cannot," his grandmother replied firmly.

"…" He closed his eyes, heaving a deep sigh. "…Fine."

"Did you gain anything useful?" His grandmother asked, diverting the topic. "…Yeah," Rui replied. "I got a decent view of what he looked like. That will definitely help."

"That's good," Matriarch Nephi nodded. "Anything else?"

"He had a lot of tools and instruments," Rui murmured. "Lots of artifacts. I recognized a lot of them and I can research the remaining because I stored the whole prophecy in my Mind Palace. The traces they leave can help me potentially find more clues about him if he's used them in the Beast Domain."

Rui was reluctant to revisit them, however.

He did not feel what he felt a second time.

"Who are you?" He asked himself out aloud.

He didn't feel anything.

He was Rui Quarrier Silas Kandria, as he had recently updated his official name a second time.

It was a benign question. It made sense that the Divine Doctor would ask him that question since they were strangers who, as Rui hoped, would be meeting in the Beast Domain.

Yet, when his memory went back to the Divine Doctor, he couldn't help but feel like something was deeply off.

He was deeply mistaken somewhere.

Yet, he didn't understand.

It was frustrating.

'I guess I'll just find out when I find the bastard,' Rui narrowed his eyes.

For now, he put the matter aside as he revisited the prophecy with a heavy heart, this time, he blurred out the Divine Doctor, instead focusing on the environment around them. The visions were distorted and even incoherent, yet Rui could undoubtedly detect a world around them.

They stood on sandy land.

Rui was able to ascertain that much.

That in itself was a valuable clue.

However, that wasn't all. "…I smell the ocean," Rui murmured as he revisited the sensory data of the prophecy stored in his Mind Palace. "…I think we might be on the coast of an inland ocean."

If that was true, it was a huge clue!

It drastically narrowed down the possibilities from half the Beast Domain to a much more manageable set of locations! VịSit no(v)3lb/!n(.)c𝒐m for new 𝒏ov𝒆l𝒔

Of course, there were many salt-water bodies in the Beast Domain, many seas, and inland oceans in the Beast Domain, thus he still had a huge amount of possibilities as to where the Beast Domain was. However, it was no longer as absurdly large as it had been before.

If he compared the intelligence that the Beggar Sage had given him with the information of the Adventurer's Guild, then he could significantly narrow down the possibilities.

On top of that, he had the Angel of Laplace, a technique in the same tier of thought as the VOID algorithm, and his evolved Mind Palace that could allow him to scry the past. If he combined that with more information from the remaining prophecies of his grandmother, then Rui was starting to grow truly optimistic about the prospects of finding the Divine Doctor.

Before, what had seemed like an almost impossible task was now very much within the Realm of possibilities. It appeared that pursuing paths and avenues of learning more about the Divine Doctor to hopefully give him a chance to find the Divine Doctor together was the right choice.

Of course, it was still going to be extremely difficult. He had no doubt that he would be thoroughly pushed to his limit, but the possibility of winning would fix everything about his life that he didn't like.

Failure would mean ascending the throne.

"Huff…" Rui heaved a sigh, composing himself as he steeled his determination.

"Let us continue," he told his grandmother. "I still need more if I am to accomplish what I seek to."

-



Chapter 1868  Visions of Death



"…Then let us continue," his grandmother remarked. She conjured up a barrier separating them as she once more unleashed her full power, activating the Eye of Prophecy at full power.

Rui narrowed his eyes as her Martial Embodiment washed into his mind.

The world changed once more.

Visions of the Beast Domain continuously sprung up in his mind, showing the many fantasies and horrors of the domain of beasts.

He saw a large landscape extending into the horizon with all manners of flora and fauna living there. The bedrock of the land glowed with a spectrum of lights, indicating the presence of rich esoteric substances.

The very next moment, the vision shifted, showing an icy land with an extraordinary blizzard.

The very next moment, it shifted to a region in the sky filled with floating islands similar to the Ajanta Floating Island of the Floating Sect.

It shifted to a ruined forest ravaged with destruction. It shifted to a a sea that stretched far beyond the eye could see.

Countless visions flashed through his mind.

Then, his vision shifted to the Divine Doctor once more. The man stared at him with an intrigued smile, almost as if he were watching an interesting experiment unfold.

"Welcome to my prison," the man remarked. "I came here looking for clues regarding the illness of my latest patient, but alas, I was only shown that this world was even more fantastical than I had ever expected."

Rui tried responding to him, but alas, this wasn't a conversation.

"The Beggar Sage never noticed; what a fool," the Divine Doctor grinned at Rui with glee. "He always misses the most important stuff because he operates from the shadows."

Rui didn't know what he meant, but he stared right into Rui's eyes when he uttered those words.

"Eternal Dream disease?" He murmured, bored. "Trivial. Has the medical community not figured that one out yet? Tsk tsk."

The vision distorted once more as Rui gained another vision of the man; this time, it was more broken and incoherent.

"So what —— he's the ———-r of a Sag————erhouse?" The Divine Doctor yawned with a lazy drawl. "My current —— is infinitely more imp——— any individual person. You could br————ry single emperor of humanity, and they w————l be less important than my curr————, you know?"

It was a prediction of the future.

Did that mean that his grandmother predicted that he would find himself in front of the Divine Doctor?

"That is but one possible future," she remarked. "The ideal one; let me show you more realistic ones."

Rui's eyes widened as his vision changed once more.

He found himself in a rocky area.

Around him was an endless ocean of Senior-level big cat monsters that extended as far as the as the eye could see.

They pounced on him, and Rui could feel 'himself' activating his Martial Heart, but alas, there were too many.

SPLAT SPLAT SPLAT!

Rui gasped for breath as the lion-like monsters began tearing at his body, ripping flesh chunk by chunk.

One launched for his face just before the vision shifted once more.

Now, he found himself standing before a volcano.

A super volcano, based on its absurd size.

An active volcano.

RUMBLE

Rui's eyes widened as realization dawned on him.

It was an active super-volcano that was about to erupt.

BOOOOOOOOOOOOOM!!!!!!!!!!

A pillar of white-hot lava erupted from the mountain; it shot straight up into the atmosphere like a laser beam past the clouds.

Until it cooled down into solid hard rock and came hurtling down at an extraordinary speed.

It began raining enormous meteorites.

BOOOOOOOOOOOM!!!!!!

BOOOOOOOOOOOM!!!!!!

BOOOOOOOOOOOM!!!!!!

His vision shifted just as one was about to strike him.

He found himself at sea, standing atop water. He glanced around, only to be greeted by endless dense mist in all directions.

One moment, the world around him was calm and serene.

The very next?

Rui froze as the waters around him began churning in a spiral into an enormous whirlpool that began drawing him in with an unstoppable force.

At the center of the enormous whirlpool was a circular mouth with endless that sucked in all the water while chomping down on anything that came near the mouth, drawn in by the currents.

It was a charybdis.

Rui gritted his teeth as the unstoppable force drew him in. The vision changed once more before the jaws could clamp on him.

He suddenly found himself standing in the sky, surrounded by clouds. Strangely enough, the sky was purple instead of the usual blue that he was accustomed to. He sky-walked peacefully across the entire sky, alone.

Until he no longer was.

WHOOSH

Clouds morphed into birds larger than him, quickly surrounding him. Their bodies retained a smoky exterior, allowing them to camouflage as clouds extremely well.

They converged on him with lightning-fast charges. His vision shifted just as their beaks impaled him from all directions.

This time, he found himself in a cave. Inside it was a powerful serpent that towered over him, staring into his eyes. Its eyes seemed to have a hypnotic effect, boring into his mind as it scoured around, peering at things it shouldn't have.

HISSSSS

Rui understood what it was trying to convey.

|Alien|

WHOOSH

It lunged forward at speeds he could not even fathom. His vision shifted just a moment before he was swallowed whole. He found himself in a desert that was empty in all directions.

There was nothing but sand.

Unfortunately, that was bad news.

Rui froze as grains of sand began moving in his direction, swallowing him up and crushing him under their weight.

Rui struggled in vain as he realized the very desert around him was alive. Not only was it alive, but it was a predator that fed on anything that entered its sands. Alas, he realized this too late.

"Enough," Rui squeezed out with a strained voice. "That's enough." Thê sourc𝗲 of this conte/nt n/o/v/(𝒆l)bi((n))

The visions were dispelled as Matriarch Nephi stared at him with a calm expression. Rui narrowed his eyes, staring at her.

"Why did you show me futures of me dying?"

-



Chapter 1869 The Perils of the Beast Domain

Rui was not pleased to see himself dying in countless different scenarios. It was actually deeply disturbing and unpleasant to find himself in situations that were too much for him to survive.

He stared at Matriarch Nephi with indignant askance.

Yet, a single question escaped her in response.

"You've never been to the Beast Domain, have you?"

"…No," Rui admitted honestly.

"That is why I needed to give you a proper preview of what was to come," She calmly remarked. "The Beast Domain is different. It's different from most likely anything that you have ever experienced in your entire life."

Unfortunately, Rui knew that she had a point.

Outside of the Great Forest of Hynonarak, he had probably never experienced something even remotely similar to the Beast Domain.

"I took the liberty to show you the powerfully-fated futures where your death was high because such is the future," She remarked. "The more you know about these fates, the likelier it is that you will be able to avert them."

Rui considered her words, nodding slowly.

"It is more important to me that you survive than succeed," She explained gently. "As long as you survive, everything has a solution. Yet, if you die, then that is truly the end."

She heaved a sigh. "The Beast Domain is an environment that truly embodies the survival of the fittest. This has especially been true over the past five hundred years as the Human Domain has pushed and squeezed the denizens of the Beast Domain into a smaller and smaller area."

Rui narrowed his eyes. "Has it gotten that bad?"

"It has, unfortunately," Matriarch Nephi affirmed gravely. "The density of life has increased while resources have depleted due to the lesser lands available to them. There is constant war and conflict within the Beast Domain between the countless species in the Beast Domain that have been pushed together. It has gotten so bad that even the saying 'survival of the fittest' does not do it justice. Sometimes, things are so harsh that not even the fittest survive."

Rui's expression grew grim at her words.

"Do you understand?" Matriarch Nephi calmly asked. "It's not enough to just be strong. You need to be able to survive with heavily strained resources in extremely harsh ecosystems and environments for prolonged periods of time while you look for the Divine Doctor."

The air grew heavy as she warned of the perils of the Beast Domain.

"The voyage that you will be making is deeply dangerous," she replied. "One that will only continue to become increasingly dangerous as humanity pushes and pushes the Beast Domain, further straining the Beast Domain."

"…I understand."

"I don't think you do," Matriarch Nephi remarked. "Picking fights in the Beast Domain is losing. Since, with every fight you pick, you will drain your power and stamina, requiring rest and food even sooner than usual. On top of that, you will be weakened after each fight, making you easier prey for other predators."

Rui nodded, understanding her words carefully.

"In other words, those who avoid conflict win," she remarked. "The beasts that continuously engage in territorial conflicts are the ultimate losers. It is people who are able to slip through all of that, like the Divine Doctor, who are able to survive the Beast Domain, you understand?"

"I do, grandmother," Rui replied sincerely. "Thank you for warning me and teaching me."

"Mmm, it's the least I could do," she replied, softening her eyes.

"Can you show me about fates relating to the Divine Doctor?" Rui asked.

"I have already shown you everything that I could," she remarked, closing her eyes and heaving a sigh. "I don't know what it is, but wherever the Divine Doctor is…my instincts are unable to peer much into fates relating to him. Otherwise, I would have been able to show you a definitive future that would have occurred had you not seen this prophecy."

Rui raised an eyebrow with interest. "Is that how it works?"

"Indeed," she remarked. "There is a certain amount of information we need to be certain about the future. In regard to the Beast Domain, there's too much information for my subconscious instinct to process. That is why I am forced to reduce my precision and show you the most fated, most likely, futures."

"I thought that prophetants believed that prophecy determined the future rather than predicted it," Rui asked with a careful tone.

"Of course we do!" Her eyes intensified. "Once we divine the future, the future changes from what it would have been had we not divined it. We, who know the future, can change it to our will. In other words, prophecy allows for the controlling of the future!"

In other words, it wasn't as though the prophecy directly altered the future, but more so indirectly altered it simply by virtue of people acting differently and more optimally. This was a more grounded explanation for the belief that Rui wasn't unamenable to. Ne/w novel chapt𝒆rs are p/u/blished on no/vel(/bin(.)c/o/m

"Interesting," Rui murmured. "Did you scry the future before you joined the Kandrian Empire?"

"Of course I did," she snorted. "You alone are not enough in and of yourself for me to make such a drastic decision that quickly."

That partly explained why she made her decision so quickly and firmly. She must have foreseen that her grandson would adhere to his tall promises and secure them a better future.

"Wherever the Divine Doctor is… is most likely a region that is deeply cut off from this world," she remarked. "That is the only way I can explain how difficult it is to divine even basic visions of the future relating to him."

She gazed at Rui deeply. "I'm afraid that is all I am able to help you with, my grandson. You will have to find him with the information that you have, along with the other sources that you are pursuing. Good luck, and more than anything, do not perish in your pursuit of the Divine Doctor, no matter what."

-



Chapter 1870  Due Meeting



He discussed the prophecies that he had seen with his grandmother some more. It was interesting that his grandmother did not see everything he had seen. Apparently, when it came to delivering prophecies to another person, she used her Martial Embodiment so that the prophecy would be built from both her and her target's subconsciousness. Thê sourc𝗲 of this conte/nt n/o/v/(𝒆l)bi((n))

This resulted in a mutually-fueled prophecy that would also include the information and the instinct of his target, resulting in a more accurate prophecy.

Thus, some of the visions that Rui had seen were based on his knowledge and instincts and were restricted only to his mind.

Yet despite both their subconscious minds combined, they were unable to scry anything concrete about the Divine Doctor.

For a powerful Martial Sage like Matriarch Nephi to be so deeply hampered showed that the Divine Doctor was in no ordinary location. Of course, the information that his grandmother had given him was game-changing. "Somewhere deeply cut off from the world…" Rui narrowed his eyes.

He also recalled what the Divine Doctor had said to him in the prophecy.

'Welcome to my prison.'

That was an important clue.

The two pieces of information together pointed towards the fact that the Divine Doctor was potentially trapped or heavily hampered in a location that was deeply disconnected from the world in some manner.

If that was the case, it could explain why the Divine Doctor had been in there the entire time.

"Hmmm…" Rui narrowed his eyes. It did help narrow down the possibilities even more, if this was the case.

In addition, when he added the information he had gleaned from his prior visions, he could further narrow down the possible locations of the Divine Doctor of the Beast Domain. Then, if he combined the information of the Beggar Sage and the Adventurer Guild, he could potentially trace the path that the Divine Doctor had walked.

"It's time." His declaration contained a hint of finality.

He had completed every single task that he had left in the Kandrian Empire. Fortunately, the matter of the Silas Clan and the Martial Union had been completed rather quickly. Both parties were able to come to a very solid middle ground where they each acquired what they desired from the party in a mutually beneficial exchange system.

While the contract had yet to be signed, it was merely a formality. The fact that his grandmother had begun to grow comfortable in the Kandrian Empire was a sign that she didn't foresee anything negative for the Silas Clan with her tremendous prophetic ability.

That meant that he could leave the Kandrian Empire and head for the Adventurer's Guild and the Beast Domain with peace of mind.

"It's going to be time soon, Master Reina," Rui replied to nobody in particular.

Master Reina appeared out of thin air, standing before him. An amused smile emerged on her face. "Hmmm, I'm not sure if I am inclined to spend months, if not years, replacing you. In the first place, it won't work because your grandmother will see right through me, as will the other Martial Sages."

"The Sloth Sage will handle the others," Rui remarked. "My grandmother knows."

"True, but…" Her smile widened. "What's in it for me?"

Rui turned to his assassin teacher with a dubious expression. "There's not much in it that you care for. If you cared about wealth or capital, I could give you more than you could ever dream about."

"Meh, boring," she waved him away dismissively. "Unfortunately, the only thing you care about is amusement and entertainment," Rui scoffed. "True."

She didn't even bother denying his accusations.

"That is why I have a proposal," Rui replied.

"Oh?" Her eyes lit up with interest. "Pray tell."

"A game," Rui replied. "I dare you to interact with every single person in the orbit of my life, except the orphanage and the Sages, and see if you could get away with it. You've been following me around for a year now in secret. Thus, you have borne witness to all of them."

He turned to her with a grin. "The entire world will be watching Rui Quarrier."

"The entire world will be watching, and you will fool every single one of them…or is it too much for you?"

Her eyes lit up with excitement. "Hehehe…you have a way with words, Rui Quarrier Silas Kandria."

Rui smiled wryly as he managed to bait her well. "Thanks, I suppose. So, what do you say?"

"…You got me," she remarked lightly. "It should be fun playing those idiots for fools."

Rui chuckled lightly. "You're going to have a tough time during the fiscal budget allocation meetings, you know?"

"Heh, those will be the most fun; I'm sure I can fool every single one of them with some preparation."

With that established, he immediately returned to his bodyguards on standby, heading back towards his office in the Town of Hajin.

"Mikhaila, has the appointment with the guildmaster of the Adventurer's Guild been finalized?"

"Yes, Your Highness, the meeting is due soon. The guildmaster has expressed an eager desire to meet you for a variety of reasons."

"Hmph," Rui snorted. "He wants my political support and capital. He's hoping that I become an investor and patron of the Adventurer's Guild."

His father had been somewhat against the Adventurer's Guild and had maintained the position that the Adventurer's Guild was harming the Beast Domain by facilitating and even perpetrating the constant encroaching and colonizing of the Beast Domain and that it was dangerous for the future of humanity.

Thus, the guildmaster must have been overjoyed when Rui, the guaranteed next Emperor, had expressed interest and sought a meeting for him. The Adventurer Guild would rather not have to sustain pressure from a powerful Sage-level powerhouse that had recently gotten yet another Martial Sage and the power of prophecy; it was too much political pressure that they were unable to bear or withstand.

It would soon be time for Rui to depart from the Kandrian Empire.

-



