Chapter 1761  Companion



CLACK

The door closed behind Rui after he exited the throne hall.

He beheld the outside world in a daze.

He wasn't even sure what to do.

"Rui." Master Ceeran's voice broke him out of his reverie as he descended from the sky, standing before Rui at the closed entrance to the Kandrian Throne Hall.

"…Master Ceeran," Rui smiled at him, tired. "…You didn't need to wait for me."

"I chose to," Master Ceeran smiled back, patting him on the shoulder. They walked down and away from the throne hall silently. Neither of them addressed the enormous elephant in the room.

Master Ceeran tactfully avoided bringing it up immediately.

"Man…" Rui heaved a sigh. "Today had been a crazy day."

"Indeed," Master Ceeran replied, nodding. "Not even in my wildest dreams could I have imagined what happened actually happening…"

"…What is the Martial Union's reaction?" Rui asked warily.

Although he had yet to sort his thoughts and emotions from the information dump that he had been smacked in the face with, it was still a good job to understand the ramifications of the Emperor's decision. He could not avoid them after all. The sooner he gained a measure for them, the sooner he would be able to make a decision.

"…Do you really need to ask?" Master Ceeran's voice betrayed a hint of excitement.

Rui smiled wryly. "You're right. It was a stupid question."

There was absolutely not even the slightest shred of a doubt in his mind that the Martial Union as a whole was extraordinarily shocked and even more overjoyed at the revelation of Rui's royal bloodship.

While the reactions and favorability of this revelation were undoubtedly not uniform within the Martial Union, and there certainly were bound to be some elements of the powerful organization that weren't entirely pleased by this outcome, there was no doubt that an overwhelming majority of the Martial Sects and factions within the Martial Union.

He was already their platinum boy, and now he had the power to ascend the throne and become Emperor of Kandria. He was what Prince Raijun went to sleep dreaming of.

"The Martial Union has already taken the liberty of emergency protecting your family," Master Ceeran remarked. "Several Masters have volunteered to stand guard on a temporary basis, secretly, of course. The Martial Union acknowledges the importance you place in not disrupting their lives."

"…Who are the Masters that have volunteered?" "As of right now, it's Master Zentra and Master Vericita," Master Ceeran said. "Along with Master Krakule, who had previously stationed himself close by quite some time ago, as you know. The three of them are extremely strong; thus, you can rest assured that harm will not befall your family."

Rui smiled, tired. "I am grateful to all of them. I must thank them in person."

"That's not all," Master Ceeran remarked, growing even more excited. "The Martial Union has just summoned an emergency meeting recalling as many Martial Masters back to the Vargard headquarters. I have heard that even some Martial Sages might be partaking in the emergency briefing meeting."

"…Oh boy," Rui whispered.

"It's not just the Martial Union that is shaken," Master Ceeran remarked. "All of the upper echelons of Kandria are shaken. Each of the power blocs of our Empire is having their own emergency meetings to discuss the shocking revelations that His Majesty the Royal Emperor has chosen to disclose."

Rui was not surprised. The appearance of a new major bidder for the throne that had earned the Emperor's approval and heirship was an enormous deal for the future of Kandria. Not a single stakeholder nor a single power or force within the Kandrian Empire was unaffected. He had no doubt that these rich, powerful, influential, and even authoritative figures were scrambling to get a hold of the situation and make the best of it.

"And that's still not all…" "Of course not," Rui groaned.

"Based on what I have been informed of, the news has already spread to the international and foreign stakeholders of Kandria with vested interests in the outcome of the Kandrian Throne War," Master Ceeran remarked. "A variety of spokespersons, delegates, ambassadors, consulates, and rulers have issued statements to the recent revelation."

Rui felt an enormous headache coming up.

"A number of news distribution services have contacted the Martial Union in hopes of getting statements from you," Master Ceeran remarked. "The revelation is slowly starting to spread to the common public; after all, you have been added to the official public record of the Royal Family Tree as Prince Rui Quarrier Kandria, the Final Prince."

At that moment, Rui just hoped the ground would open up and swallow him whole forever.

"An unexpected announcement of celebration from a Transcendent-level powerhouse nation was also issued just a short while ago," Master Ceeran remarked. "The Virodhabhasa Theocracy pledges its support to the seventy-fourth victor of the Virodha Martial Contest, Prince Rui Quarrier Kandria." V/\IssịT n0(v)eL/b(i)(n).𝘤𝑜/𝓂 for the b/est novel reading experi/en/ce

"Damn, they found me!" Rui cursed. "You could not have expected them not to, not by now," Master Ceeran shook his head. "They are not incompetent and have an excellent intelligence network. They have learned of your identity shortly after you returned to the Kandrian Empire and gained international fame amongst the connected international community as the youngest Martial Senior in history."

"…Sigh," Rui shook his head.

"The entirety of East Panama is watching, Your Highness," Master Ceeran patted him on the back. "Don't call me that," Rui bitterly reprimanded him.

Master Ceeran smiled, putting a hand on his shoulder, before gazing forward. "I cannot imagine what you are going through. It is not my place to tell you what to do, and it is certainly not my intention. All I can do is promise to help you in any way I can. That is all."

"…Thanks."

Rui heaved a sigh as he resolved himself. This was his new reality.

There was no point in trying to run away from it. It was better to face it head-on and forge a path forward.

"Let's go," Rui narrowed his eyes.



Chapter 1762 In Shock

That day, a ripple spread.

It originated from the Kandrian throne hall, rapidly spreading outwards. In just fifteen minutes, it had spread across Kandria.

Or at least, the highest echelons of Kandria.

Soon, it spread across East Panama within a single hour.

Although communication technology was scarce, it was well-established in the top ten percent of humanity. Within the highest echelons of humanity, there were vast information and communication networks that were centered around mass-mined esoteric substances that were common enough to base a technological and artifact paradigm upon.

Thus, although the commoners of human civilization had yet to hear about the news and may never hear about it, the powers that drove human civilization on the East side of the gigantic Panama Continent had already received it shortly after the titanic revelation was disclosed. Thê sourc𝗲 of this conte/nt n/o/v/(𝒆l)bi((n))

In this case, the news moved far too quickly.

Not just because of the weight and sheer significance of the shocking revelation, not just because the second most powerful man in East Panama disclosed it, but also because Emperor Rael had invited every single significant and important person of the many powers and forces of Kandria to the Royal Addressal Ceremony.

Each and every single one of them left the throne hall impatient to share the gossip with everybody in their circle and network.

The consequence was that the information spread like wildfire through the powers of East Panama. In literally less than an hour, every rich, influential, authoritative, and powerful figure across all of East Panama has received the news.

Yet, none were more shocked than those of Kandria, those who had personally borne witness to the revelation of Prince Rui Quarrier Kandria's royal bloodship.

"...According to the initial evaluations of the meta-background check on Prince Rui conducted by the Consortium Intelligence Task Force, there was no prior indication of His Highness' royal bloodship," A woman calmly announced to a large round table. "Our Masters have also confirmed that there is absolutely no hint or evidence of hypnosis that could have been employed to potentially deceive the guests and the royals into seeing a Blood Ritual's light on Rui Quarrier when it didn't exist. The absence of any lingering aftereffect has caused Mind Sect to rule out the possibility of hypnosis."

A grave atmosphere settled down amongst the individuals around the round table. Each of them wore crisp business attire that weighed practicality and extravagance equally.

Not a single one of them thought that the Emperor was deceiving them. It would be far too easy to disprove it. He certainly would not have invited so many powerful Martial Masters of all factions and sects if he intended to be deceptive.

"On top of that, Sage Farana has unofficially thrown her weight behind Prince Raul. She would not accept the command to deceive all the audience, including Prince Raul, of Rui's royal bloodship."

The Emperor's ability to issue Royal Commands was not absolute. As power-hungry as the first Emperor Ra was, even he recognized the need to have some limits. Commanding Sage to violate all the powerful and authoritative guests with hypnosis was unlawful.

Essentially, there was no way around it.

"Prince Rui Quarrier Kandria is the final prince of Kandria."

A severe air dawned on the table.

"Where is Her Highness Princess Rafia?" One of the suited women at the table sternly demanded. "She is the Founder and President of the Rafia Consortium. She owes an explanation, a vision, and a path forward for the future to us, her primary stakeholders, in light of recent revelations. It is deeply irresponsible for the Rafia Administration to conduct this briefing without Her Highness personally overseeing it."

"Hear hear."

"I concur with the CEM of Verunel Oil Enterprises," Another suited man glared at the secretary conducting the preliminary analysis and reporting. "This can be interpreted as a dismissal of our vested interests in her campaign."

"I would like to form a petition to demand personal accountability of Her Highness, President Rafia." Another tier-

one member of the Rafia Consortium announced.

"You have my signature, Chairwoman Kiara."

"And mine."

"I, too, shall partake in this petition."

A wave of agreement washed across the table of tier-one members of the Rafia Consortium as the chief of staff desperately tried to soothe her employer's stakeholders.

"Dignified members of the Rafia Consortium, I request you to assuage your demands for Her Highness. She has unfortunately fallen deeply ill after the Royal Addressal Ceremony and has been moved to intensive care for the time being," The woman tried to calm down the powerful business tycoons that formed the Rafia Consortium. "She sends her deepest apologies to you, her important stakeholders."

The businessmen and businesswomen gathered at the table frowned collectively, furrowing their eyebrows in skepticism and concern.

"Fallen deeply ill?" Chairwoman Kiara raised an eyebrow. "Does Her Highness think of all of us as fools? Did she forget that each of us at this table was present at the Royal Addressal Ceremony as guests invited by His Majesty? I recall her complexion; she did not seem physically ill."

She glared at Princess Rafia's chief of staff, trying to squeeze an explanation from her.

"…Her Highness has fallen mentally ill," The chief staff executive relented. "According to the Royal Doctor tending to her, she has suffered mentally during the Royal Addressal Ceremony and has fallen in a state of shock."

A wave of shock spread across the members seated at the table. "What?!"

"How brittle!"

"Madam secretary, this does not bode well for us."

"I wish Her Highness well, but it certainly does not inspire confidence in me regarding her mental fortitude."

Murmurs spread across the entire room as each of the tier-

one members of the Rafia Consortium took a moment to deeply reconsider the choice of supporting Princess Rafia. The fact that she had failed to earn the heirship of the Emperor of Harmony was bad enough, but then the shocking revelations of Prince Rui Quarrier Kandria's royal bloodship and heirship had put them in a bad mood. The fact that she then fell into shock and missed the preliminary analysis did not make them optimistic about her.



Chapter 1763  Prudent Choice



While uncertainty, concern, and loss of confidence had sparked within the halls of the Rafia Faction, it wasn't the only place.

"The Kandrian Throne War has completely changed."

Within the halls of a military command center in the capital town of Vargard. Many figures, garbed in military attire, sat on either side of a bare metal table, scattered with files and documents, extending across the large spheric command center. "A new prince has appeared." Ch𝒆êck out l𝒂t𝒆st 𝒏𝒐v𝒆l𝒔 on n/o/v𝒆/l/bin(.)c/𝒐/m

Prince Randal stood at the head of the table with arms locked behind his back and split feet. His posture was stiff and disciplined, unmoving.

"The unfortunate reality is that our campaign is bound to stall. However, I can assure you that I, Randal Kandria, swear on the great name of Kandria to do everything in my power to overtake my competitors," Prince Randal boldly declared.

He was lying, of course.

He had greater mental fortitude than his sister, Princess Rafia, which was why he had come to terms with the fact that he was truly and completely defeated. The reawakening of the Emperor of Harmony, his father, had given him dim hope that he could rely on his father's enormous power and authority to gain a Royal Pardon, which would make him immune from persecution from the Martial Union against Rui Quarrier.

Only his father had the power to oppose the Martial Union.

However, an outcome worse than even his worst nightmares had unfolded.

Not only had Rui Quarrier turned out to be his brother, he turned out to be the favored son of the Emperor of Harmony.

The chosen heir.

Randal briefly considered suicide after that revelation.

However, he decided against it. It was too shameful an act for him.

He had resigned himself to whatever fate had prepared for him.

"To think that His Majesty had prepared such a trump card despite his condition…" A man seated closest to Randal remarked with a grave expression. "I see that His Highness has not lost his touch as Emperor."

His eyes turned to Randal with a stern light in them. "What are you going to do, Prince Randal?"

Prince Randal felt the air grow heavier as the man fixed his attention on him.

Grand General Aramoeous Flor-Eul Geigervansen.

This was the highest-ranking officer in the Kandrian Royal Army. The man who answered to the Royal Emperor himself. He had full command over the one thousand apocalypse-class weapons of mass destruction, each with the power to erase a nation, of a large variety, including the many beam-siege weapons, ballistic-siege weapons, chemical, and bioweapons that the Kandrian Empire had cultivated over four centuries.

As long as he gained primary authorization from the Emperor, he had full authority over their deployment of it in war, as he determined.

In terms of power and influence, it could be said that only Martial Sages and the Emperor surpassed him within the Empire.

"What I have always done," Prince Randal's tone was confident. "Persevere and overcome. My advisors and analysts will soon provide me with numerous courses of action that I can potentially take to mitigate this new variable. The only issue is that we lack too much data. Thus, I have decided to wait until Rui Quarrier issues a statement or makes an announcement. It doesn't make sense to plan for his actions when we do not even know what his intentions are yet."

Grand General Aramoeous stared at Prince Randal with fixed eyes.

The entire room waited with bated breaths as the most powerful military man in Kandria considered Prince Randal's words.

"…A prudent choice," The grand general nodded slowly. "Knowing your enemy's objectives is an important part of war strategy."

Prince Randal inwardly heaved a deep sigh of relief. He would be in deep trouble if the esteemed military man disapproved of the prince. "Prince Rui Quarrier Kandria, hm?" The grand general narrowed his eyes. "I do not approve of him. I am constantly hearing one thing or the other about him. Frankly, it is quite the eyesore that the Martial Union got their hands on such a rare and incredible talent."

Prince Randal heaved a sigh. "It's unfortunate, but the Martial Union excels at snatching up Martial talent."

The Grand General scoffed. "This is despite the fact that our fiscal budget allocation exceeds that of the net annual profit of the Martial Union."

He turned towards the Prince with stern eyes. "As I recall, Your Highness, one of your promises to me when I acquiesced to giving you my support was taking endeavors to increase the recruitment influx and retention rate of the Kandrian Royal Army, was it not?"

"It indeed was, Grand General Aramoeous," Prince Randal nodded. "I have not forgotten that endeavor. My administration has already begun coordinating with the Ministry of Education in setting up sixteen military schools to counterbalance the sixteen Martial Academies of the Martial Union."

"Hm," The Grand General nodded. "Good. We must not allow the Martial Union to snatch any more talents of the Kandrian Empire from us."

His eyes narrowed. "His Highness Prince Rui…what are the chances that he will make a bid for the throne?"

"…I cannot say, but I do not believe that it will be low," Prince Randal replied. "He had displayed an interest in the outcome of the Kandrian Throne War and even engaged in a transaction where he elevated Prince Raijun a Martial Squire."

"…Is he a Martial Supremacist then?" Grand General Aramoeous' face crumpled with disgust.

"Certainly not," Prince Randal shook his head. "However, his popularity and approval from the Martial Union is so high that he does not need to subscribe to Martial Supremacist ideology in order to earn the support of much of the Martial Union. In fact, he probably does not need to subscribe to any ideology to earn their support."

Prince Randal heaved a depressed sigh inwardly. Just thinking about the sheer momentum that his new half-brother would be gaining was just deeply despairing, he wished he could live in a world where Rui Quarrier didn't exist.



Chapter 1764  Her Evaluation



While Prince Randal and Princess Rafia felt the mounting pressure from their factions, the other seven royals didn't do well either. Princess Ranea, too, felt the mounting heat from her most important stakeholders in a meeting in the port town of Farund.

"Princess Ranea, what is the meaning of this?" A man clad in business attire demanded.

"The revelation of my brother's royal bloodship was new to the entire world," Princess Ranea firmly replied. "What has happened has happened. It cannot be undone."

The president of the Kandrian Seafare Association narrowed his eyes. "What are you going to do about this? Even putting aside the Kandrian Royal Sword that the Emperor personally bestowed upon him, his own personal merits make him an extraordinary threat to your ambitions for the throne!"

The Minister of Maritime Affairs nodded with a grave expression. "His Highness is sure to come out of the gates storming. Has he released an announcement or issued a statement yet?"

"No," Princess Ranea shook her head. "There exists a realistic possibility that he might not bid for the throne."

"I find that rather difficult to imagine, Your Highness," The Chairwoman of Kandria's largest shipbuilder corporation narrowed her eyes. "Not only does he have a powerful chance of seizing the throne, but he is also bestowed with the heirship of the Emperor of Harmony himself. Even if he does not want to, he may very well do so because of how much pressure is being placed upon him to inherit the throne."

"We cannot control his choice," Princess Ranea remarked. "The only thing we can do is invest even more into reaching the throne."

"You mean we, your stakeholders, must invest more in reaching the throne?" The Chairman of a large luxury cruise corporation snorted. Princess Ranea did not respond. Outside of the minute fraction of the Kandrian Royal Treasury that each royal could extract once in their lifetime, she did not have any sources of wealth of her own. All of her faction's wealth came from across the powerful and rich seafare and maritime sectors of the Kandrian Empire. Without all of her many powerful and rich patrons supplying her faction with a steady supply of donations from their own pockets, she would eventually run out of funds.

"I understand that this is a difficult decision to make," Princess Ranea remarked calmly. "However, this is the price of the throne. The money you stand to lose if someone like Prince Raijun or Randal becomes Emperor is far greater."

Her stakeholders eyed each other before turning back to Princess Ranea.

"Do not fail, princess," A burly man seated at the end of the table growled.

Princes Ranea's winced inwardly under his stern gaze and warning. This was Grand Admiral Geron.

The head of the Royal Navy who answered to the Royal Emperor. Bestowed with the authority to command the twelve hundred warships of Kandria at his own liberty in times of emergency and when war was declared, this man possessed a heavy voice in the seafaring sectors of Kandria.

While the Royal Navy was a branch of government directly under the Royal Emperor's control and did not profit from Princess Ranea's maritime ventures, it did indirectly benefit from the state of naval and nautical technology growing as a result which directly translated to the Royal Navy's power.

"I do not intend to fail," Princess Ranea narrowed her eyes. "Rest assured, I will be crowned Empress of Kandria."

That was a lie.

She, like Randal, already knew that her dreams for the throne were dead. Inwardly, she was actually relieved that Rui Quarrier Kandria was revealed to be a prince. She hoped that he would put an end to the throne war by ascending the throne and letting her live out the rest of her days without the burden that she felt now.

"You've spoken to him before; tell us, what is your evaluation of Prince Rui Quarrier Kandria?"

The grand admiral asked Princess Ranea point blank. The entire room turned towards her with askance. VịSit no(v)3lb/!n(.)c𝒐m for new 𝒏ov𝒆l𝒔

She took a deep breath before exhaling. "In my opinion, Prince Rui is a highly competent and intelligent man and Martial Artist. His political philosophy is unclear. However, given that he has met up with all seven major prince factions and didn't join a single one of them, we can say that he most likely is not inclined toward the philosophies espoused by any of the seven factions."

Her eyes shifted across the room, meeting with those of her patrons. "It could be that he doesn't have any extreme vision for the nation, which could be why the Emperor saw fit to declare him his heir."

This was a possibility that the others found plausible.

"In that case, why don't we try estimating what his political appeal is going to be?" One chairman raised an eyebrow. "From that, we can establish what his primary stakeholder targets are going to be, and we can pre-emptively get the jump on him and try and sabotage his lobbying and campaigning."

This plan greatly appealed to the other stakeholders, forcing Princess Ranea to acquiesce partially.

"…I shall take it upon myself to ensure that the analyst division within my faction carefully considers the proposed plan," Princess Ranea replied. "I believe, however, that the biggest stakeholder that Rui will target will be the Martial Union. I highly doubt that any amount of sabotage from our end can prevent him from earning the support of the Martial Union."

The air grew gloomy.

The love and affection for Prince Rui Quarrier Kandria that the Martial Union had even before he was revealed to be of royal blood was deep.

Was it even possible to make the Martial Union, especially now that he represented a powerful chance for the Martial Union to bid on the throne?

"We cannot give up," The Grand Admiral declared. "This is an era-defining opportunity to grasp the power of Kandria itself. Nothing can deter us from doing our absolute best to stop Prince Rui from ascending the throne."



Chapter 1765 Earning Confidence

In a dark chamber built deep underground sat seven figures around a large round table.

A foreboding silence rang in the air.

The air was perilous.

Electric.

"…Is this real?" One man narrowed his eyes, reading a report.

"It is, Don Jiteliana," Prince Rajak replied.

Don Jiteliana's expression grew ugly. "Prince Rui Quarrier Kandria, hm?"

A fierce, malevolent bloodlust lit up in the depths of his eyes.

"What a profoundly displeasing turn of events."

His dark robes fluttered as he shook with disgust at the report.

"Relax, Jiteliana," A seductive voice chimed in.

"Do not command me, harlot," Don Jiteliana's eyes lit up with rage, glaring at her. "Get your legs off the table before I chop them off."

The threat in his eyes was palpable.

"Like what you see? If you want my body so much, just ask, though it'll cost ya." She blew out a deep puff of smoke before inhaling another from her cigar. "…Still, curious plot twist, ain't it?"

Her eyes flashed with a hint of curiosity as they fell to the picture of Prince Rui Quarrier Kandria. "...Yummy."

A sadistic smile emerged on her face as her eyes widened with lust and greed.

The others sharpened their eyes.

"Don't even think about it, Don Carura," Prince Rajak narrowed his eyes.

"…Oh?" Her eyes turned to Prince Rajak with a glint of maleficence. "…And just what was I thinking of?"

"Your intentions are all but transparent," Another young man's voice calmly interjected. "You were thinking of kidnapping him and selling him after getting a taste for one night, weren't you?"

"My, Carnil," A coy smile emerged on her face. "Y'got me."

Her eyes returned back to the profile of Prince Rui Quarrier Kandria. "Such deep pitch-black hair and eyes. Just like the fabled Demon of Asmodeus. I know some senators and congressmen of the Republic of Gorteau who have exotic fetishes. They would love to have him as a pet."

"His Sagehood informs me to tell you to forget about it," A Martial Master seated at the table remarked. "Prince Rui Quarrier Kandria is not to be touched. His Sagehood says he will abandon all of you and escape when the Martial Union's overpowering dominance and wrath destroys the Underworld in retaliation."

An ugly expression appeared on all their faces. "How could such a coward become a Martial Sage?"

"What kind of Martial Sage did you think would join the Underworld instead of the Martial Union?" Don Carnil heaved a sigh.

"My Lords," Prince Rajak's eyes narrowed. "Can we focus on the agenda at hand?"

"There isn't much to focus on." An elderly man at the table calmly remarked. "I have gathered all the information there is to gather. There is about a fifty-percent chance that he will bid for the throne. And should he choose to do so…" VịSit no(v)3lb/!n(.)c𝒐m for new 𝒏ov𝒆l𝒔

The old man closed his eyes. "Your Highness' probability of ascending the throne plummets by about seventeen percent."

Prince Rajak's expression grew ugly at his words. "…Are you sure about that, Lord Dagonel?"

The old man opened his eyes, slowly turning to Prince Rajak with a glint of darkness in his eyes.

"…I apologize for questioning your judgment."

Don Dagonel was the head of the Dagonel Network, the oligopolistic mafia for illegal information services. Although its scope and scale were smaller than those of the Beggar's Sect, the quality of its information services within the Kandrian Empire, their main market, was on par with that of the Beggar's Sect before rapidly declining anywhere outside.

The entirety of the Underworld relied on the Dagonel Mafia for reliable information, as Prince Rajak in his campaign for the throne.

"It is a shame that the assassination attempt by the four royals seems to have failed." Another man's voice echoed in the dark chamber. "I went through all the effort of supplying gold to the designated assassins."

Don Schambiei expressed his displeasure at the failure of the assassination attempt.

"It wasn't easy smuggling so many prominent high-grade Senior assassins into Kandria," Another woman remarked with a calm voice.

"Your services were certainly appreciated, Don Schambiei, Don Feimia," Prince Rajak's expression grew ugly.

He, too, regretted that the assassination didn't seem to have panned out.

"We can consider the option of killing Prince Rui. However, I still need more support," Prince Rajak remarked. "Prince Rui will be gaining immense momentum right out of the gate. You can be assured that the Martial Union will not allow any force to so much as put even the slightest scratch on him. This time, even the ten Martial Sages of the union might personally move. We need to be able to win and outbid this new opponent."

"It's not that easy," Don Carnil nonchalantly remarked. "We have tried helping you gain more momentum with our ventures, remember? But these require capital and are prone to risk of failure, like my drug trafficking operation from the Great Forest of Hynonarak that was targeted and rapidly annihilated more than two years ago by a mysterious assassin."

"I need your help, My Lords," Prince Rajak gritted his teeth. "I cannot ascend the throne without it."

He inwardly cursed at the casual nonchalance of the Underworld's reaction to the recent news. He had to deal with strange and eccentric personalities that were the height of irrationality.

"…I'll think about it," Don Carnil calmly replied. "I'm not sure how inclined I am. The probability of your victory has reduced substantially, and the risk factor has risen above tolerable magnitude. The probability of meaningful ROI increasingly decreases."

He turned to Prince Rajak, narrowing his eyes. "Prove yourself. You're intelligent and competent. Show us that you're still worthy of our unconditional support."

This was the first thing that all six dons of the Underworld found themselves to be in agreement with. They stared at Prince Rajak with judgmental eyes with a hint of amusement and skepticism.

Prince Rajak's expression grew grave. "Fine. I will show you that only I am to ascend the throne."



Chapter 1766  Despairing Reality



The most silent out of all the seven royal factions was, undoubtedly, the Raijun Faction.

Prince Raijun sat at the head of the table, listless.

His eyes were depressed.

His demeanor was soulless.

He glanced around the weakly. "…Have they yet to come? Perhaps they're delayed…" Ch𝒆êck out l𝒂t𝒆st 𝒏𝒐v𝒆l𝒔 on n/o/v𝒆/l/bin(.)c/𝒐/m

A weak laugh escaped his mouth.

He had called for a meeting, but a whopping sixty percent of his most invested stakeholders and patrons had chosen to skip it.

Not a single one of the members of the Martial Union had chosen to participate.

When he left the Kandrian Throne Hall two hours prior, he had been extremely determined.

He had been incredibly resolved.

He would not allow the damage to grow too far. He immediately called for a meeting with all his patrons to reaffirm his intention to dedicate his heart and soul to becoming Emperor and turning Kandria into a Martial Supremacist nation.

A strong head-on affirmation was bound to ensure that as few stakeholders would choose to defect.

In fact, while the revelation of Rui's royal bloodship and heirship had shaken him to the very core of his soul, he had taken it in a very positive manner.

A challenge.

He would ensure that not a single one of his stakeholders would leave the meeting with any thoughts of leaving the Raijun faction.

Yet, they never came.

That was when he realized he was truly overcome.

The revelations of Prince Rui's royal bloodship had driven everybody to excitement. This was especially true for the members of the Raijun Faction.

Prince Raijun couldn't even begin to compare to Prince Rui as a Martial Artist.

When it came to Realm, feats and accomplishments, potential and progress, as well as overall utility and competence, Rui was overwhelmingly superior to Prince Raijun.

Everybody knew that.

Before, however, Prince Raijun didn't really care about that. After all, that didn't mean he could ascend the throne.

Now, however, it was all but overwhelmingly relevant. Any stakeholder and or potential patron would look at both of them as Martial Artist princes and pick Rui Quarrier any time of the day.

Prince Raijun wouldn't even be a Martial Squire if not for Rui aiding him and holding his hand every step of the way all the way to Squire candidacy.

His secretary heaved a sigh. "Your Highness, as informed, they have chosen to skip the meeting to attend the emergency meeting held by the Martial Union."

"Right…" Prince Raijun smiled weakly. "Right. I'm sure they'll be here at the next meeting."

It sounded like he was trying to convince himself more than anything else.

Prince Rui had yet to even announce his bid for the throne, yet people were ready to dive into his faction, a faction that didn't even exist yet!

"Huff…" Prince Raijun heaved a sigh as a hint of hope flashed in his eyes.

He wasn't entirely done.

Not yet.

He had spent enough time with his half-brother to know that the man was certainly not a Martial Supremacist and deeply disliked the philosophy.

'That means that he will not be able to win over the Martial Supremacist Faction much, if at all,' Prince Raijun realized.

After all, why would they support them if he actively worked against their ambition for a Martial Supremacist state?

With that consideration in mind, he didn't think he would lose any support from the Martial Supremacist Faction.

What he was worried about was the progress that he had made rapidly ever since he started progressing towards the Squire Realm and after becoming a Squire.

He had truly begun gaining the approval of many sectors of the Martial Union after that recently, and he could lose all of these new bonds now that Rui had been declared royal prince and heir to the Emperor of Kandria.

In hindsight, the lifelong spying on Rui Quarrier was finally deciphered.

How many Martial Sects would favor Prince Raijun over Prince Rui?

It was hard to conceive that even a single one of them would.

In general, it was hard to imagine people favoring a Martial Squire over a Martial Seniors. But it was almost impossible to fathom it when the Martial Squire was a grade-one Martial Squire like Squire Raijun, compared to the youngest Senior in history with a multitude of shocking accomplishments throughout his long life as a Martial Artist.

There was simply no comparison to be made.

Prince Raijun had learned that there were even more shocking accomplishments made by the Martial Senior once the Virodhabhasa Theocracy announced their support for Rui Quarrier, revealing that he was a champion of the Virodhabhasa Martial Contest.

Apparently, he had withstood an attack from a new Martial Senior and walked it off without a single scratch visible on his body.

Prince Raijun had needed to physically suppress his mouth when he learned about that, lest he let out an undignified scream before others.

It simply reaffirmed the fact that Rui Quarrier was a Martial Artist who was cut from a different cloth compared to his peers. It could be said that he was truly the strongest Martial Squire of his generation before breaking through to the Senior at the tender age of twenty-three.

And now, at the age of thirty-one, he was already a powerful high-grade Martial Senior. Prince Raijun simply didn't understand how a single Martial Artist was able to progress at such an absurd speed.

This was especially the case when the age he broke through to the Apprentice and Squire Realms, while impressive and optimistic, were definitely not too infrequent. It was as though he accelerated the stronger he got.

This was the opposite of what was usually the norm. Martial Artists tended to slow down relatively the stronger they got. Yet, looking at how each feat that Rui Quarrier accomplished seemed to be more impressive than the rest, Prince Raijun only grew more fearful of what his half-brother would go on to accomplish later on in life.

The more remarkable he was, the more the Martial Union would be irresistibly drawn to him. Prince Raijun could only envision how much harder things were going to get.



Chapter 1767  Proposal



In a wide hall was a large number of individuals seated semi-circular, facing a podium at the center.

The atmosphere prickled.

The air was wrung taut with tension.

The many men and women seated were garbed in ostentatious business attire, yet none as much as the man standing at the speaker's podium.

"…And on to the main agenda of the day," Guildmaster Bradt announced. "Motion for the re-consideration of the Shionel Confederation's neutrality stance towards the candidates for ruler of the Kandrian Empire. Agenda proposed by…"

Guildmaster Bradt glanced up from his paperwork. "…Me. I hereby commence an open-forum unmoderated caucus on the motion."

The first thing that Guildmaster Bradt did when the revelation of Rui Quarrier's princehood and heirship had reached his ears was pass notice for the termination of some of the more ambitious agreements with Princess Ranea that involved her becoming Empress.

The moment he learned that Rui was of royal blood, he knew that Princess Ranea never had a chance of ascending the throne.

Even when he removed the fact that Rui Quarrier was a powerful Martial Senior, the gap in competence and ability to navigate circumstances by exploiting opportunities prudently alone would have been enough to make him deeply reconsider supporting Princess of the Seas. He would most likely still defect from her to a certain extent.

Of course, he didn't burn the bridge. After all, he was still connected to the Kandrian Seafare Association, and that connection was quite valuable regardless of the Kandrian Throne War.

However, he completely removed Princess Ranea from his mind when it came to choosing somebody to support the throne.

However, this time, he didn't just try to approach Rui as the chairman of Bradt Distribution Services. Unfortunately for him, Rui's status, power, influence, and authority within the Kandrian Empire had spiked to an unimaginable degree.

He was no longer Prince Rui Quarrier Kandria's equal by himself.

That was why he sought to leverage the power of the Shionel Confederation as a whole. If he could approach Rui with the authorized support of the entirety of the Shionel Confederation, then he would have much stronger bargaining power.

He needed the vote of the entirety of the Merchant's Guild to do that. Unlike the Emperor of Kandria, the position of Guildmaster did not lend him the authority to levy war or forge alliances on behalf of the state by itself.

The established system of checks and balances ensured that the guildmaster could not go out of control unchecked.

Unfortunately, he had also run out of all his veto authority and decision votes to essentially force his way through the voting session, having exhausted his limited supply for them this guildmaster term.

That meant that he was going to have to compel the cabinet merchants of the Guild Council join the yet-to-emerge Rui Faction.

Unfortunately, that was not going to be easy. Thê sourc𝗲 of this conte/nt n/o/v/(𝒆l)bi((n))

"I am against it!" One cabinet merchant boldly declared, drawing attention.

She glared at Guildmaster Bradt. "I know what your game is. You wish to drag the Shionel Confederation into your secret alliance with Prince Rui Quarrier Kandria! I refuse to allow it! I, along with many others, have been deeply disenfranchised at the hands of the bastard prince!"

Chairwoman Veros had been the third-most powerful merchant in the Shionel Confederation after Guildmaster Bradt and Chairman Deacon. Ever since Deacon Industries took a massive hit after the fiasco of the massacre on the final floor of the Shionel Dungeon, causing him to lose the election against Bradt narrowly, the company had been on a slow downward trajectory.

Chairwoman Veros had overtaken the young Chairman Decker, who had taken over the previously sinking company, to become the second-most powerful merchant in the Shionel Confederation.

While the sensible leadership under the qualified Chairman Decker had managed to stop the sinking company and even cause a small hint of growth for the first time in ten years, it was not enough to preserve rank number two. "It is objectively the most profitable option by any metric of evaluation," Guildmaster Bradt narrowed his eyes sternly. "Prince Rui Quarrier Kandria has the highest probability of victory."

"A high probability of victory is not the only variable to be considered when evaluating the merits of forging alliances," Her eyes sharpened in retort. "Compatibility of interests and history of cooperation are also equally important variables."

"Converging interests are not a requirement since what I propose is merely a monetary investment, a transaction, that will net us massive profits should he successfully ascend the throne," Guildmaster Bradt calmly rebutted. "I am not proposing we hold hands with him and entrust our lives in his hand. However, the promises of far greater benefits, ones that wealth cannot buy, can be obtained upon his victory in exchange for relatively humble capital investments. On top of that, Rui Quarrier does have a history of cooperation with important stakeholders in the Shionel Confederation."

Namely, him; the most authoritative stakeholder of the Shionel Confederation.

"I beg to differ," Chairwoman Veros snorted. "He may have a history of cooperation with you. However, he does not have a history of cooperation with most of us. Can we have a show of hands of those who have been adversely affected by Rui Quarrier in this cabinet?"

Many hands across the entire room flew up.

These were merchants who were a part of the late Chairman Deacon's now-dissolved anti-Voider faction formed during the raid of the Shionel Dungeon roughly a decade ago.

They had not forgotten their grudge against the Voider, Prince Rui Quarrier Kandria.

There were more hands up than there were hands down.

"You're making a foolish blunder," Guildmaster Bradt narrowed his eyes. "Do not antagonize Prince Rui Quarrier Kandria a second time."

"He antagonized us!" Chairwoman Veros retorted fiercely.

"By freely and fairly competing and winning the Shionel Dungeon?" Guildmaster Bradt snorted contemptuously. "By beating you at your own game through brilliant lobbying efforts and a genius strategy for exploration and extraction? Despite possessing zero venture capital while the lot of you had billions?"



Chapter 1768 Nostalgic

﻿﻿The air grew prickly.

Her expression grew ugly. "I-"

"Children."

His declaration was firm.

He narrowed his eyes, glaring at Chairwoman Veros. "Is this how a cabinet merchant ought to conduct themselves? Complaining like spoiled children every time someone else does it better than them?"

He closed his eyes, shaking his head. "As much as I disliked the late Chairman Deacon, I at least respected him more than I respect any of you. He most certainly would not have sat here complaining. He was a man of action; he would have fiercely gone all out and persevered till he overcame his problems."

He opened his eyes. "I commence the voting process on this agenda. All in favor of motion D48?"

Out of the hundred cabinet merchants, forty of them raised their hands.

Guildmaster Bradt's eyes narrowed. "All against?"

Sixty hands, including Chairwoman Veros', went up.

Guildmaster Bradt closed his eyes, shaking his head softly. "…This cabinet votes against Agenda D48. With no more agendas on the docket, this Cabinet Assembly comes to an end. Meeting dismissed."

Guildmaster Bradt shortly left the Cabinet Assembly Hall, followed by two Martial Masters as he headed to his own office in the guild headquarters.

His eyes narrowed as he found Chairman Decker and his two Martial Senior bodyguards waiting inside.

"Tough luck on that proposal." Chairman Decker remarked as Guildmaster Bradt entered his office.

CLACK

He closed the door behind him. "I don't recall an appointment with you."

Chairman Decker smirked mischievously. "Yes, but you can either kick me out or take a moment to hear out my proposal to you regarding Prince Rui."

Guildmaster Bradt narrowed his eyes, taking his his seat at the table, steepling his fingers as he leaned forward. "What do you want?"

FLAP

Chairman Decker nonchalantly tossed a file on the table.

"…Bradt-Decker Political Venture Capital Guild?" Guildmaster Bradt remarked, furrowing his eyebrows as he read through the document. "An organization comprised of cabinet merchants in favor of investing in Prince Rui Quarrier Kandria in his bid for the throne?"

"If we can't get more than forty hands up in favor of a motion to consider supporting candidates for the throne of Kandria, then we just need to make do with forty people," Decker shrugged. "By founding a guild that gathers us forty together, we can collectively invest in Rui Quarrier Kandria."

"…Hm," Guildmaster Bradt considered the proposal deeply. "Although the bargaining power wouldn't be on par with the Shionel Confederation had the motion passed, It is still better than if we individually negotiated with the prince ourselves."

"Indeed," Decker nodded. "As a united political venture investment guild, we will be able to demand more concrete and greater promises that benefit the forty of us together."

Guildmaster Bradt read through Decker's rough draft of the administrative and managerial details. "This is rather elaborate for a preliminary proposal."

He turned to Decker, narrowing his eyes. "You seem quite eager to support Prince Rui."

Decker shrugged with a smug smile. "What can I say? We're best friends, after all."

Guildmaster Bradt's expression grew skeptical. "He killed your father. You have met him only once."

"It's because he killed my father," Chairman Decker's smile grew darker. "Saved me the trouble of doing so."

"…Hmph," Guildmaster Bradt glanced down at the proposal.

He had to admit, the heir of his greatest rival had indeed come up with a rather resourceful proposal that made the best of what they had. The cabinet merchants were comprised of the top hundred merchants of the Shionel Confederation for any given fiscal year.

Forty of them represented an enormous amount of wealth.

Together, they could muster up an enormous amount of bargaining capital.

On top of that, as the name of the organization suggested, the ones who benefitted the most were himself and Chairman Decker. Normally, this would not be tolerated, but they could get away with it with their combined authority and influence in the Shionel Confederation.

On top of that, Guildmaster Bradt had not forgotten that Rui owed him a solid favor. He had made this investment a decade ago, choosing to believe in the shining potential that he saw in Rui, and it turned out to be one of the best decisions of his life.

Prince Rui Quarrier Kandria went on to become the youngest Martial Senior in history and had reportedly already become a high-grade Martial Senior. He had made enormous contributions to the Martial Union, earning him the position of Senior Ambassador and a seat on the Martial Fiscal Committee of the Martial Union.

While that was alluring in and of itself, he had wanted to wait until Rui at least became a Master.

Now, however, he had changed his mind. With Rui being revealed as a royal prince and clearly the most powerful candidate for the throne, there was no doubt that this was the best moment to try and cash in that favor for some absolutely game-changing benefits for himself exclusively.

Just the thought of it made him inordinately excited

When was the last time he had felt this excited?

'Ah…' An old memory resurfaced in his mind. 'It was when the Voider proposed a partnership that allowed both of us to dominate our respect battles.'Thê sourc𝗲 of this conte/nt n/o/v/(𝒆l)bi((n))

It was rather profound that ten years later, he would feel the same sense of excitement from the exact same person.

"Rui Quarrier Kandria…" The man murmured.

"Hm?" Decker tilted his head.

"Nothing," Guildmaster Bradt shook his head, his attention returning to the proposal by Decker.

He had already made up his mind

"I approve."

"Nice," Decker grinned. "Let's start setting up then."

Guildmaster Bradt nodded. "I'll leave the administrative and managerial establishment to you; I'll lobby the forty cabinet merchants to join the proposed guild."

"Makes sense," Decker nodded. "Let's keep each other posted with standard progress reports. I suppose we have a deal then."

The two men got up, shaking hands before Decker left the room eagerly, ready to immediately begin working on setting up the guild.

Guildmaster Bradt also got to work, determined to make the most out of a lifetime opportunity.



Chapter 1769  Disclosure



The journey back home felt like it took forever. Rui wasn't even sure that he wanted to go home yet.

What was he supposed to tell everybody when he got back home and they asked him how the Royal Addressal Ceremony went?

His family was, of course, far from well-connected. They would have no idea what had happened at the ceremony. He had been invited to several events connected to the royals, and even if this one was clearly far more prestigious, they didn't think much of it.

STEP

He arrived before the orphanage with a deeply contemplative expression. "We'll speak again whenever you're ready," Master Ceeran remarked. "Take your time."

WHOOSH

He felt Master Ceeran moving away, hiding his presence and joining the perimeter consisting of Master Vericita and Master Zentra. He could also sense Master Reina, but he knew that she was specifically allowing him alone to sense her.

Yet, at the moment, he was only concerned about his family.

It had grown a lot in the many years he had been a part of it. N/nêw n0vel chap/ers are published o/n n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

All the children in his generation of orphans had grown into caretakers who worked part-time or full-time in the orphanage. Not only did they work hard to support an increasingly larger orphanage spread across multiple houses built beside the original ones, but they also chipped in some of their own scant earnings to contribute to supporting the children. It was a task that only grew harder. When he was adopted, there were only sixteen orphans, for that was the limit that the orphanage could support. However, since then, the number had risen dramatically.

If he was being perfectly honest, he would be lying if he said he knew all of them or had formed a bond with all of them. Many children had been brought to the orphanage and had grown up there while he was away from the Kandrian Empire. He certainly was not as close to them as much as he'd like.

But that didn't matter.

He was given a home when he didn't have one without any expectations in return.

He was going to impart the same to those who came after. He would ensure that, no matter what choice he made from here on out, the consequences of his identity and his actions would not hurt them in any way.

He had several ways of going about it, but that was a matter for another day.

For now, he needed to tell his family the truth. While he would rather not disrupt their lives with it, there was no point in hiding it because it had become public knowledge at that point.

Julian would definitely find out very rapidly, even if he wasn't told.

He heaved a deep sigh as he prepared himself.

CLACK

He opened the door to the orphanage.

"I'm back!" Rui announced to the entire house. "How did it go, dear?" Lashara asked him while tending to the orphanage.

"…I have something to tell you," Rui heaved a sigh.

"What is it?"

Rui shook his head. "Let's gather everybody first. This is important."

Fifteen minutes later, the confused adults of the orphanage gathered around in the room reluctantly at Rui's insistence.

"What's this about?" Alice asked, curious.

"He has another shocking tale to tell us," Farion grumbled.

"Can this wait?" Mayra folded her arms. "I have to start prepping for dinner."

Julian simply stared at Rui with a serious expression, noticing the severity in his body language.

"This is important; I'll be quick, I promise," Rui assured them.

Within twenty seconds, he briefly summed up all the relevant facts. It was better to rip the band-aid off swiftly rather than take his sweet time and test their patience. Their expression morphed by the second as he spoke, swiftly divulging everything that they needed to know.

In twenty seconds, they had gone from reluctantly curious to shocked and utterly flabbergasted.

The air tingled as each of them struggled to process the information that Rui had conveyed to them.

For several seconds, they simply stared at him like he had come from another world.

"…You're a royal prince?" Farion whispered.

"That's right," Rui confirmed.

Lashara stared at him, speechless.

"However, while I am a Royal Prince, I do not consider the royal palaces my home," Rui remarked. "I don't care for luxury. Never have and never will. That's why…"

He turned to his mother. "I still and will always consider this orphanage to be my family and my home."

Lashara smiled at those words.

"You'll always be my precious baby," She pulled him in for a hug. "And this will always be your home."

Rui smiled, returning her embrace. "Thanks, mom."

She smiled warmly, kissing him on the head. Rui basked in her affection for quite some time. It soothed his nerve, casting a healing effect on him.

The others didn't nearly recover from the shock as quickly as Lashara did.

"Royal prince…YOU'RE A ROYAL PRINCE!" Alice gasped.

"…Unbelievable."

"…So you can also become EMPEROR!"

"Congratulations!"

"Our Rui becoming Emperor would be amazing!"

They were shaken, trying to process the weight of the implications of what Rui had told them. Xanarn was speechless, utterly stunned. "…To think that you were a prince all this time."

"I know it's a lot," Rui heaved a sigh. "But it's the truth."

"What are you going to?!" One asked.

"Become Emperor!"

"He won't be able to spend any time here then…"

The ruckus began growing out of hand.

It took half an hour before Rui was able to calm them down.

"Alright, alright, the kids are waiting; let's not waste too much time," Rui remarked, ushering them out of their reveries and back to reality. "I didn't mean to disrupt your work. We can talk more extensively later on."

He managed to coax the stunned and flabbergasted orphanage caretakers back to their original tasks. As much as they wanted to bombard him with questions, the children who needed their attention took priority. All except one.

Julian had taken a seat, pondering what Rui had told him.

"You're taking this swimmingly well," Rui smiled wryly.

"Well, a rational mindset is especially necessary when the stakes are high," Julian calmly remarked. "Still, this is most unfortunate."

Rui raised an eyebrow appreciatively. As expected, Julian immediately processed the information that Rui had supplied and understood the various ramifications of the events that Rui had described. "It is," Rui heaved a sigh.

"So…" Julian stared at Rui. "Have you made your choice?"

A heavy air came between them.

Rui heaved a sigh. "No."

"Hm, I suppose it's far too early for that," Julian remarked. "However, you will have to make a choice sometime soon."



Chapter 1770  Pros and Cons



"I know," Rui heaved another sigh.

He knew that even as they spoke, the ruling class of the human civilization of East Panama was furiously considering the new information and what they could do to spin it in their favor. The future of Kandria impacted the future of East Panama more than they wished.

If someone like Prince Randal ascended the throne, then the nations of East Panama could only quiver.

While the Sage-level powerhouses of East Panama were confident no matter who ascended the throne, the nations that weren't too far from the Kandrian Empire, such as the Commonwealth Duchy of Vinfrana, the Kingdom of Grahal, and the Violis Kingdom. They would much rather have a candidate who wasn't a psycho.

That was why the revelation of Rui's princehood mattered to everybody within a hundred thousand kilometers of the Kandrian Empire in East Panama.

He needed to make his decision quickly lest he experience pressure from countless stakeholders about his intentions, regardless of what they were.

"…I don't know what to do," Rui breathed deeply. "…It's almost impossible to weigh the considerations against each other."

"Well, we can start simply by looking at the pros and cons of announcing your bid for the throne," Julian remarked. "What do you stand to gain from becoming Emperor?"

Rui stirred. "Well, a lot. For one, as a Martial Artist, it's not unattractive in every way. Extraordinarily rare and powerful resources that not even Martial Masters can merit…are all within the palm of my hand."

Julian nodded. "As Emperor, you can gain resources that would normally require reaching the Sage Realm to even consider getting."

Rui nodded. The Roaring Dragon Blood Potion was nothing compared to what he could get if he ascended the throne.

He would be lying if these prospects were not deeply attractive to him. They definitely were. He could perhaps completely mitigate the enormous power gap between himself and his peers.

Every single high-grade Martial Senior possessed a Martial Body that was far stronger than his own. He made up for the gap with a Martial Art that was superior and more potent than that of his opponent.

He could probably not only entirely close that gap but also surpass his peers with a stronger Martial Body by augmenting his body with resource after resource, potion after potion.

He wasn't idealistic about whether this was a good or bad thing. A powerful Martial Body was necessary for Project Water, there was absolutely no doubt about that. On top of that, his body would eventually reach that power in time, all he would be doing was hastening the process.

All in all, a very solid benefit to ascending the throne.

"That's not all," Rui heaved a sigh. "Ensuring the crazy ambitions and objectives of my half-siblings never come to fruition is also a decent advantage."

By becoming Emperor, he could crush the embers of civil war between the princes and the civil wars they would cause when they instated their crazy policies. Preventing them from going down this path was also a worthy goal and objective.

"True," Julian nodded. "But that's not all, is there?"

"…No, there are actually some other benefits," Rui sighed. "I can also give the orphanage better protection than just as a prince."

"True," Julian nodded. "That is certainly a personally reassuring benefit of you becoming Emperor."

Julian exhaled heavily. "Ok, now what are the cons?"

Rui closed his eyes. "My father tried convincing me otherwise, but if I ascend the throne, I can forget about dedicating myself to my martial path and martial art."

The air grew heavy.

It was quite evident that this downside was deeply undesirable to Rui.

He could forget about immersing himself in long, extensive training sessions.

He could forget about dedicating everything to Project Water.

He could forget fighting a real battle with his life on the line.

He could forget about refining his Martial Art.

In the worst-case scenario, he would start to become like Prince Raijun.

Just the thought of it disgusted him.

He would rather die than let himself fall to such an extent.

He would also have to engage in a lot of boring legislative work. The Emperor was the sole legislative body in the entirety of the Kandrian government. His word was literally law. But that also meant that he needed to manage Kandrian law.

The other princes and princesses had received an education on Kandrian law as a mandatory part of their syllabus to ensure they were qualified to ascend the throne.

He would need to learn the entirety of the Kandrian Constitution.

Of course, this was a trivial feat for his mind. He could do it any time he pleased, but it wasn't the only requirement. Being Emperor was not a simple, unidimensional job. He needed to familiarize himself with the Kandrian Empire to its very core, gaining an intricate understanding of the details and nuances of its economy and history, as well as many mundane details about geography and topography.

He would also need to be briefed on countless necessary, highly confidential classified information and intelligence about Kandria, about foreign powers, and about human civilization in general.

Only upon knowing this could he possibly be ready to be Emperor.

Just the thought of going through all this made him groan. Thê sourc𝗲 of this conte/nt n/o/v/(𝒆l)bi((n))

He was a Martial Artist. This was the one and only con to becoming Emperor, yet it was enormous and glaring.

"You can't have your cake and eat it, Rui," Julian calmly remarked. "It's either your Martial Path or the path of Emperor unless you think can walk both paths simultaneously through some miracle."

Rui heaved a sigh. "I don't know, Julian. I don't know. It hasn't even been more than a few hours since I spoke to His Majesty."

The air grew heavy once more.

"Well, the cards have been laid," Julian calmly remarked. "Now you need to look into yourself and understand what it is that you truly want out of these circumstances."



