Chapter 2060  Gambit



Instead, he remained where he stood, crouching as he brought his hands and legs closer to him, making him smaller.

He reduced the feasible avenue attacks.

As a speedster, Master Grais primarily targeted the more vulnerable parts of the body since he lacked the power to do damage to particularly tough and well-shielded parts of the body.

His expression grew more severe as he understood what Rui was trying to do.

'It's an invitation…' His eyes narrowed as he stared at the prodigiously young Master. '…and a trap.'

For a moment, the two of them simply stared at each other.

As it was right now, Rui had exhausted more energy, but Master Grais had taken more energy.

However, as they exchanged gazes, a mutual understanding came between them.

A battle of attrition favored Rui.

The longer the battle continued, the more Rui grew familiar with his opponent and the more he adaptively evolved. His SOUL and predictive models only grew stronger and stronger, while Master Grais' speed only went downhill.

At some point, Rui would come to outmaneuver him if the battle continued for long. The fact that Rui was able to keep up without the Metabody System when he needed it before was proof of that.

If he wanted to win, he would have to do so very soon.

Rui had already foreseen this even before he used Neo Godspeed. He made sure to hurt Master Grais enough such that the decline of his speed was all but guaranteed before adopting a strategy that forced Master Grais to come to him rather than Rui adopting the role of the chaser.

"Well played, Void Prince," Master Grais snorted. "I accept your invitation."

His hand sharpened, straight as an arrow, as he finally activated his third system of thought. 'Lightning Spear Jab.' His eyes flared with power as he surged with power.

It was an offensive system of thought that relied on scanning the opponent's body for microstructure weaknesses across the entire body before eventually adaptively altering the form of the attack to inflict as much damage as possible.

Angle, area of contact, and direction of attack all needed to be within micrometers of precision.

It was similar to how chopping karate wooden blocks was easier when done along the grain than against.

All cellular structures had imperfections that could be exploited if one was precise and accurate enough.

It was his most powerful attack.

The final exchange came sooner than anyone had expected.

WHOOSH

In an instant, Master Grais arrived before Rui.

SPLAT!

His eyes widened as his attack pierced through Rui's torso in between his abs without resistance or defense, emerging on the other side.

He gazed into Rui's eyes with shock. "You…!"

A wide grin appeared on Rui's face.

He had allowed the attack to impale him thoroughly without resistance. Rui tightened his back and abdomen muscles, locking the man's arms within his body, refusing to let go.

This had been his tactic all along.

"I have you now."

The words sent chills down the Martial Master's spine as he struggled to escape. Yet his speed-oriented body did not allow him to overpower Rui's back and abdomen muscles. Additionally—

—BZZT!

A light paralytic effect weakened the elder Martial Master's effort.

His eyes took on a grave light as he realized that there was no escape.

He would face what was to come.

What followed was beat down, unlike anything the Martial Master had ever experienced. BAM BAM BAM BAM BAM!

Rui pummeled him with blows one after another, bludgeoning him black and blue. Each blow was empowered with the full power of Outer Convergence, Reverberating Lance, and Fire Breathing.

Master Grais desperately guarded with one arm, trying to inflict as much damage to Rui's vitals with his trapped right arm.

Yet, Rui was hardly done.

"Heavenly Convergence." Rui's voice strained with pain even as his vision blurred from the critical internal bleeding. "Phantom Pain."

Now that the man was locked in place, there was no need to continue employing anti-speed measures.

"AAAARRGGRHRGHHHH!!!" Master Grais shuddered with excruciating agony as each of Rui's blows set his nervous system on fire, causing him to convulse uncontrollably.

"Rgh!" Rui's eyes flared with determination and pain as he continued blasting the Martial Master with as much power he could possibly muster, growing weaker by the second.

Yet, the end came abruptly.

BAM!

A thundering haymaker crashed into the man's skull with the power of Outer Convergence and Fire Breathing permeated by Reverberating Lance.

The blunt force trauma crossed a critical threshold.

The elder Master's eyeball rolled upward as his body went limp.

The last thing Rui remembered before losing consciousness was Sage Lemolen's declaration.

"Winner by knock-out, Master Rui Quarrier Silas Kandria."

The world went dark as Rui finally let go, falling back.

Even as he fell unconscious, Sage Lemolen waved his hand, diffusing a rejuvenation and healing potion into the lungs of both Martial Masters in a split second.

The spectating Martial Masters converged at the scene in seconds, gazing at the two unconscious Martial Masters.

STEP

"Hah!" Master Ceeran gleefully grinned. "This means that he will be let off with a scolding, right?!"

"Indeed…" Master Zentra remarked. "A bit too light, in my opinion, but I cannot deny that he had earned it with his astonishing display of combat."

While there was a wide variety of reactions of the many Martial Masters, none of them could deny the sentiment of Master Zentra's words.

The Martial Union's hierarchy was that of power. The stronger one was, the more one could get away with things that would not be tolerated by the weaker.

While Rui's crimes against the Martial Union were still heavy, a contract was a contract. Not a single one of them had objected to the arrangements of the duel and wager thus they had no one else but themselves to blame now that the outcome was not as they desired.

"Hmph," Sage Lemolen snorted. "You lot are far too lenient with the brat." n/ô/vel/b//in dot c//om

He disappeared immediately after, leaving the Martial Masters to deeply ponder the outcome of the battle.

-



Chapter 2061  Reflections



While the two Martial Masters were rushed for medical care, the remaining Martial Masters of the Martial Union could not help but look back on the battle between Rui and Master Grais.

"…How?" One Martial Master gritted his teeth. "How can one be that powerful at the age of thirty-five?! It doesn't make sense!"

They fell into thought at his words.

They would all be lying if they said they didn't share at least a bit of his frustration. n/o/vel/b//in dot c//om

The average Martial Master broke through to the Martial Master at roughly the age of one hundred and fifty. The average Martial Master also broke through to grade seven in the Master Realm, which was the very beginning of the low-mid grade.

Some particularly talented, powerful, and experienced Martial Masters started off at much higher grades, like grade thirteen. These were geniuses who were not only talented in mind, body, Path, and Art but had cultivated their Martial Art for centuries before breaking through to the Master Realm.

Yet, none of them could even begin to fathom how Rui had actually broken through to the Master Realm at such a high level of power that he could defeat grade-nineteen Martial Masters without too much strain and even take down grade-twenty-three Martial Masters.

It made them feel like their entire lives had been a waste of time. "I had always known he had immense potential deep within him even when he was but a human." Headmaster Aronian smiled, closing his eyes as he recalled memories of old. "However, not even I could have imagined something like this was possible."

Not everyone took it as well as he did.

"…I was still a Martial Apprentice when I was thirty-five," Master Herel whispered.

He had been convinced that Rui would lose two matches out of three. Possibly all three.

He was a brand-new Martial Master, after all, and had only been a Martial Artist for twenty-one years.

That was nothing in his eyes.

Far too little time to amount to much.

When Rui defeated Master Zereena while still holding back, he was extraordinarily furious.

Yet, when Rui went toe-to-toe with Master Grais and even obtained a pyrrhic victory, he was simply at a loss for words. It was as though Rui's shocking victory and the shocking reality that Rui had presented to all of them had washed away all the fiery hatred.

He was left feeling depressed.

He had much pride in being a grade-twenty-four Martial Master.

Now that Rui had come terrifyingly close to that from the looks of it, all that pride melted away.

Compared to a man less than one-tenth his age who may very well have been a high-grade Martial Master, he was nothing impressive.

"This is what you get for being a jerk to my student," Master Reina grinned pridefully. He glared at her. "Who let her in? She's not even a part of the Martial Union!"

"Hey, don't take it out on me." She shrugged. "Take out on him when he wakes up. Unless you're afraid you'll lose."

Her words pricked at him.

At the very least, unless he had some massive advantage as far as compatibility went, he did not think he would be able to win easily.

"Nonsense!" He growled. "Besides, don't think he's cleared so soon. If the Sage Council is dissatisfied with this outcome, they can undo it with their collective power."

His words were sharp.

"They cannot." Master Zentra narrowed his eyes. "As far as the provisions of the Martial Judiciary Delegation Act go, he has been acquitted of fraud and can no longer be charged with frau—"

"Don't come at me with legal bullshit." He waved Master Zentra off. "They are the Sage Council. Should they will that he suffer consequences, then nobody can stop it from happening."

"…Nobody except the Emperor of Harmony," Master Zentra quietly retorted.

The air grew heavy.

They were talking about forces that not even they were qualified to judge upon.

"Zentra is right."

A heavier voice cut through the air, drawing all attention.

"…The Martial Sages will not undo what has happened." Master Sera smiled. "And even if they did, with the Emperor of Harmony returning, they will not be able to do anything without threatening to provoke a civil war."

The expressions of the various Martial Masters darkened.

"I'm sure you're aware of the consequences of a civil war at this moment," Master Sera's tone was light.

Yet her message was perilous.

"It could very easily trigger the advent of the third East Panamic War," She remarked with delight.

While Rui had been adventuring in the Beast Domain for three years, the dynamics of East Panama had shifted.

The long-term absence of a powerful leader central leader with the illness of the Emperor of Harmony.

The juicy rewards of the Eye of Prophecy technique.

The threat factor of an additional Sage.

The cold war that had been ensuing within the nation during the Kandrian Throne War.

These events were not missed by the other three Sage-level powerhouses.

Kandria had grown more attractive as a target, more politically vulnerable, and more militarily threatening than they were comfortable with. While Rui indulged in his escapades in the Beast Domain, the political tensions between Kandria and its peers had risen significantly over the span of three years.

The number of scuffles and clashes had increased over the past three years while trade and commerce between the three nations and Kandria reduced each quarter.

Simultaneously, it had increased between the other three powerhouses of Kandria.

These were not proof of anything, yet only a blind man would fail to read the atmosphere of East Panama.

"The revelation of the youngest and most prodigious Martial Master in upper echelons of the Master Realm will not be taken well either," Master Vericita calmly remarked. "He will be treated as a potential Martial Sage by other nations."

It added more fuel to the fire.

Unfortunately, little they did know that Rui's return as a Martial Master meant more than just that.

It would change the nation forever in ways that they had yet to fathom.



Chapter 2062  Hyper Integration



When Rui woke up, he found himself staring at an unfamiliar ceiling.

For a moment, he didn't know what he was doing here.

Then he remembered.

"Ah…" he murmured. "…I won."

A sigh of relief escaped him.

The door to his room opened as two Martial Masters emerged.

"Rui…" Master Ceeran smiled. "How do you feel?"

Rui glanced at his hands, closing his eyes.

"…Quite good."

The wound he suffered hadn't been too bad by Martial Artist standards.

"Then, congratulations on your victory." He smiled. "You have earned your acquittal."

"…I suppose," He remarked. "I got off easy."

Rui would be lying if he didn't feel that way. Aside from the third match, victory was never out of his hands. "Perhaps you did," Master Ceeran admitted. "But I believe that it's justified, especially after you have proven yourself and overcome the trials and tribulations of the Master Council."

Rui shrugged wordlessly. "I'm just glad it's over."

He looked back at the battle with Master Grais with satisfaction. It was truly a grueling battle. There had been very few times that his pattern recognition system had failed during his time as Martial Artist. Of the few times that it did, it had been against truly deviant opponents such as Meera and Ieyasu.

This time, however, it didn't happen against a truly exceptional Martial Artist. No, it happened against a powerful but hardly abnormal Martial Master.

It showed that the Master Realm could not be underestimated. If a Martial Master who wasn't even high grade could partially negate the pattern recognition system, then he shouldn't assume that stronger Martial Artists.

"…This was my first time seeing other Martial Minds," Rui remarked aloud absentmindedly. "Truly fascinating how other Martial Artists came up with Martial Minds of their own."

Master Ceeran nodded understandingly. "I recall feeling the same way. They were very different from my own, and learning to fight against them was something that required practice. While Martial Seniors did use their developing systems of thought, it was never the center of their battle. Only someone with as much affinity for the mind could make the system of thought highly central to your Martial Art."

"Hmmm…" Rui stirred at his words. "He had three systems of thought. They weren't particularly complex, but they were decently effective."

He spoke relatively, of course. In terms of both complexity and power, Master Grais' Martial Mind was perhaps a tenth of that of Rui, but it was still impressive when considering that he could only make do with what he had.

"I had the edge when it came to the utility and impact of our Martial Minds," Rui mused to himself. "Greater average efficiency and far greater decision-making. But the issue is that his Martial Body, Art, and the latter's synergy with his Mind was truly far superior to that of mind."

He was perhaps an entire order of magnitude faster than Rui at all times, barring the five minutes when Rui used Neo Godspeed. "He was right…" Rui murmured. "…I am inexperienced. I didn't even consider the fact that my saturation limit is far higher than it was when I was a Martial Senior. I can use many, many more Martial Art techniques simultaneously than ever before."

Certainly far more so than Master Grais, who used a whopping two dozen Martial Art techniques at one point.

"It's not low-hanging fruit, however," Master Ceeran pointed out insightfully. "Creating all those techniques takes time. Lots of time. Master Grais created those techniques and then refined them with experience in real combat over centuries. Of course, you will take less time because you are younger and thus can grow much faster, but still."

Rui nodded appreciatively. "That's true. I can mark it as a long-term growth strategy."

Developing even more powerful active techniques that synergized well with his Martial Mind like Flux Earther and Phantom Step was a great way to make progress while accumulating even greater strength.

He could maximize the potential of his Martial Mind and Martial Art to greatly increase his strength in the long run. "I especially need to bolster my offense as soon as possible," Rui narrowed his eyes with dissatisfaction. "I would have won my final fight without needing to take such a big risk if I had greater finishing power."

When he decided to take Master Grais' lethal attack head-on, he didn't know for a fact that he would emerge victorious.

It was a gambit.

If he had been able to severely damage Master Grais before that point when he was bludgeoning him before that point as a Martial Artist, he would have won.

"Even a speed-oriented and maneuvering-oriented Martial Master has greater lethality!" Rui chastised himself. It was a little embarrassing that Master Grais had more lethality than he did.

"It will need to actually be even more synergetic with my Martial Mind than Flux Earther and Phantom Step, those techniques aren't nearly as synergetic as I had previously thought."

He used to think they synergized well with his Martial Mind, but after looking at the synergy between Master Grais's Art and Mind, he didn't think so.

"Master Grais' techniques are so integrated with his Martial Mind that many of them cannot even be used without the Martial Mind," Rui recalled the Lightning Spear Jab technique that the Martial Master had struck him with.

That certainly was not something that could be used without a system of thought telling him exactly where to strike and how to cause damage to his opponent.

In comparison, the same could not be said about Flux Earther and Phantom Step.

"Don't be too swept up by hyper-integrated Art-Mind techniques," Master Ceeran cautioned him. "The Martial Mind is a limited resource and can and often does run out in the middle of battles. The moment it runs out, all techniques that depend on it to function cannot function anymore. Thus, getting too absorbed into making everything depend on it is a bad idea." n/ô/vel/b//in dot c//om

Rui nodded. "That's a really good point."

-



Chapter 2063  Hanging Fruits



"Still, that alone isn't enough to dismiss their value," Rui replied thoughtfully. "Thus, I would suppose that most Martial Masters find a balance between the two. Or better yet, it's quite likely that most Martial Masters create two versions for important techniques, one that is extremely integrated with the Martial Mind and one that can function without it."

Master Ceeran nodded, impressed. "That is exactly what the current paradigms for Martial Masters are. It's remarkable that you managed to arrive at a solution that was created over centuries, instantly."

"Hmmm…" Rui grew engrossed in the matter. "Creating two versions is a highly intensive training process and is really only worth it for the most core and central techniques of one's Martial Art. Still, I suppose I can put it on my list."

He began fleshing out his journey in the Master Realm.

From his conversations with his grandmother he knew that the condition to breaking through to the Sage Realm was knowing the true answer to the question that all Martial Masters needed to ask themselves.

The best way for Martial Artists to arrive at the answer to that question was to simply unlock their true selves by gaining immense power. The power they gained would give them the power to choose things they were too weak to be able to do before. The choices they then made would illuminate who they truly deep in the depths of their mind.

His grandmother had advised him that his Body was one of the lowest-ganging fruits as far as gaining more power.

"Time to drink up another enhancement potion." Master Ceeran smiled wryly. "You know, even for Martial Masters, getting access to them is not easy. One needs to breach grade fifteen to even have any chance at all at getting them within a reasonable span of time."

"I shot past such a level of power," Rui calmly remarked. "Besides…"

He glanced at his friend with a smirk. "I am the Void Prince. I can drink ten potions right now if I want."

"That's true, but…" Master Ceeran shook his head. "That would be a blunder, I'm sure you know that."

"I'm aware. I was jesting."

The more potions one drank, the stronger one became, however, the delicate physical configuration would be warped beyond salvaging after a certain point of enhancement, leaving one's Body out of sync with one's Art and Mind.

At the Master Realm, individuality had reached such an extraordinary degree, that Martial Masters truly diverged from each other as entirely different beings from one another. The sheer amount of variation was extremely high.

It also meant that each technique that a Martial Artist created was carefully calibrated for their highly unique beings in both their theoretical foundation and the muscle memory that had been built for them.

"Making too many changes to the foundations of the Body will make my own Art, Mind, experience, and muscle memory entirely incompatible with it."

"Just so." Master Ceeran nodded approvingly. "It's good that you haven't let your political power get to your head and do things that will completely sabotage yourself. It's best to consume them over a much larger span of time to avoid self-sabotage."

Rui nodded. "Consuming a physical potion is definitely the easiest boost in power that I can take. I even know what kind of potion I wish to consume."

The clear choice was a stamina potion.

Stamina was at the foundation of one of his most important but under-appreciated technique systems; the Metabody System.

The system had saved his life more times than he could count. While the VOID algorithm used to require time, as did the SOUL System now, it would often be the very thing that bought him the time he needed.

Consuming a stamina potion would give the Metabody System a much-needed boost.

He would likely be able to use each of his techniques for much longer than he could before.

Furthermore, the boost would come immediately and the acclimatization would be minimal too, since it merely increase his energy reserves, not his power.

"Of course, that still will not close the gap in accumulation of power over time, but it will aid significantly," Rui noted. "The objectively best way to improve my Body."

"Improving your Body and increasing the integration between techniques and mind is all well and good, but it's not enough," Master Ceeran remarked.

Rui raised an eyebrow.

"You need more individuality. A potion alone will not give you that." Master Ceeran remarked. "The Martial Union has collected immense data on the things that separated Martial Sages before they broke through to the Sage Realm with Martial Masters that haven't, and one of the differences that separate those that break along is how much individuality they imbue in their Martial Art."

Rui's eyes lit up with realization. "Individuality…that bears a lot of resemblance to the answer to 'Who am I?'"

Master Ceeran nodded enthusiastically. "That is why developing your power is the best way to reach the Sage Realm. Not only does power unlock who you are, but the individuality you imbue in your Martial Art serves as a reflection of your true self."

"…That makes sense," Rui murmured. "Tsk, should have thought of that before."

"Hah," Master Ceeran scoffed. "It's no wonder that you haven't considered it, considering how busy you've been since returning home. At least now, all of your problems are finally done."

Rui's expression grew complicated at those words. It was not true.

He still had several things to address. The official ownership of the alien flora lifeform.

The matter regarding his agreement with the Elder Tree and implementing it.

His multiple agreements with the Divine Doctor and implementing it.

"God, I can't wait for my father to wake up," Rui muttered.

He was vastly more qualified at implementing and managing the minutiae of such matters than Rui was.

"Soon…" Rui murmured to himself. He couldn't wait to finally be free.

To be emancipated from his many problems. n/o/vel/b//in dot c//om

-



Chapter 2064  Possible Applications



For a long time now, he had been swarmed with non-Martial Art-related problems. Probably ever since he got involved with the Kandrian Throne War. An entire mountain had been put on his shoulders, weighing him down.

Now, he was so close.

So close to getting rid of all of it.

The Kandrian Throne War would be truly put to an absolute end.

He could finally live without the shackles of things like his royal bloodship and princehood weighing him down.

Truth be told, he desperately needed to cut himself off from the because he had more important matters to deal with, such as his identity crisis and his path forward to fulfilling Project Water, the most important force in his life.

He didn't have time to dedicate to managing the matters of the super-assets. The moment his father woke up, he would toss all these burdens on his shoulder and walk away without any regret.

That was the best way to go about it, indeed.

"Hehe, this is my revenge," Rui smirked mischievously.

His father had changed his life by tossing the burden of his princehood on him, not to mention the entire empire. He even admitted that he was doing it for Kandria rather than for Rui.

Now, Rui would bring him back to health and toss all of those burdens back at him, and some extra burdens as a form of interest.

He couldn't wait to see the expression on his father's face, in fact.

The latter would be torn between gratitude and exasperation.

"Sons don't normally talk about their fathers this way." Master Ceeran pointed out, amused.

"Hah." Rui snorted. "He deserves it after putting me through so much trouble. You cannot even begin to imagine the things I've had to go through to bring back the damned doctor."

"A story that you promised to tell me," Master Ceeran reminded him. "True…" Rui glanced at him. "…I have some plans regarding that. It will be better to share it with everyone rather than person by person. I will need to call for a meeting with the Master Council."

Rui had many things that he needed to tell them.

The first was the matter of ownership over the alien flora lifeform. He planned to share its ownership with the Martial Union and his father. To compensate the former for his fraud and to win back their approval and goodwill and the latter to compensate him for the loss of the topaz of Time.

The only reason he even sought to maintain partial ownership was because he would be able to use it without any problem should he ever needed.

He had some rather powerful visions of what to do with the alien flora lifeform if they could successfully harness it.

It was possible that they could potentially build an entire Martial Academy inside the dungeon that allowed them to mass produce Martial Apprentices like a factory. They could potentially create many Squire-level and Senior-level training facilities that allowed Martial Artists to train and accomplish in a tiny fraction of the time in real-time than it would normally take, massively accelerating their progress.

It would drastically empower the Martial Art foundation of the Kandrian Empire.

Of course, there were many considerations regarding the risks and dangers of such an approach.

The more they used it, the higher the probability that its existence would become known to the rest of Kandria.

That was the reason that he was quite cautious of going all out with it.

The other three powerhouses and frankly the rest of Panama would not allow Kandria to use such a priceless treasure to massively accelerate their development.

Of course, this wasn't absolutely insurmountable, but still, extremely dangerous and perilous. The might of dozens of Martial Sages and many hundreds of Martial Masters was not something that the Kandrian Empire wanted or needed to face.

However, if they chose a more lowkey approach then they would be forgoing many benefits of the alien flora lifeform.

It could create a hundred-kilometer-wide area with accelerated time. What was the point of using such an enormous area for only a limited number of individuals? n/o/vel/b//in dot c//om

Rui had to admit, he wasn't entirely sure what was the most optimal application of this asset.

It was why he was more willing to let his father take care of this matter. The Emperor of Harmony understood geopolitics far, far better than Rui ever would, being extremely talented and gifted even when he was being groomed for the throne and having three centuries of experience with geopolitics.

Though, another important variable to consider was whether or not the plant could even be harnessed effectively.

Rui didn't understand anything about the alien flora lifeform. Being outside of the Tree of Life of Gaia, there were absolutely no insights that he was able to offer.

The Divine Doctor was different, however.

He had managed to keep the alien lifeform alive alive and well even in a spatially compressed orb. In the short time that Rui had been unconscious after his battle with the chimera, the man had managed to gain many insights, enough to treat the creature and ensure it was healthy and alive.

It was an extremely impressive feat that Rui hadn't missed. Not at all.

If anybody knew how to use the alien lifeform in some sort of dungeon bio-machine, it was him. Thankfully, Rui had already forged an agreement with the man where he would have access to the alien lifeform.

He could have the Divine Doctor also simultaneously lead a development project to create a powerful dungeon out of the creature that could be used. Then, and only then, was it possible to plan around it.

It was possible that it wouldn't be possible to control the creature from acting in a hostile manner against all its inhabitants. Or perhaps it was possible but would require weakening the creature in a manner that would also weaken the manifold created by the creature.

"Tsk, I need more information…when is that doctor returning?"

-



Chapter 2065  Return



It wasn't long before Rui was discharged from the clinic after a final check-up. "What do you intend to do now?" Master Ceeran inquired. "If you're free, then you might as well get your grade tested. I'm sure that there are many Martial Artists who would be willing to help you understand where you stand."

Rui shook his head. "Grade evaluation is not at the top of my priority list at the moment. I have some important things to tend to."

After bidding his friend goodbye, he surged back to the Royal Palace at top speed.

It had been more than twenty-four hours since the Divine Doctor had left.

"If I'm not wrong…"

Then, he had most likely returned. He surged to the medical wing of the Royal Palace, showing his Kandrian amulet to all the security in place as he headed to his father's vast medical room.

CLACK He walked in, finding a familiar man arguing with Sage Sayfeel.

"…I must strongly insist that you hand over the specimen for treatment—" He paused, turning to face Rui. "Aha, well well, if it isn't the deluded inheritor."

He was far younger than Rui last saw him.

He was also a different person.

He was a little taller, with facial features that weren't entirely identical to the man that Rui had known.

Yet Rui would recognize the inhuman clinical curiosity in his and the frozen smile on his face anywhere.

"Doctor Kar…?" He murmured cautiously.

"This is my latest vessel, you see." His tone inflections were identical to those of the man with whom Rui had been familiar. "My previous one was getting old and inefficient, so I decided it was best to switch to a fresher vessel."

He looked even younger than Rui.

"…I see." Rui's tone was grave.

He didn't like what he was seeing. It only made his uncertainty about himself even greater.

"Now then," the man urged. "Tell this oaf of a Martial Sage to hand over the specimen to me right now!"

Rui furrowed his eyebrows. "You do recall that I own it, right?"

"Yes, yes, but we agreed that I would get access to it in exchange for even more contributions."

Rui shrugged. "I've already procured your services in exchange for prophecy and the Elder Tree network. What else do you have to contribute to me or the empire?"

His gaze grew pointed as a single remark escaped him.

"I am the Divine Doctor, little inheritor," he remarked. "I have the power to change human civilization if I put my mind to it. In regards to the alien specimen, I know what your intentions with it are, and only I can make them possible; that is contribution enough, and you know it."

Rui had to admit, he had a powerful point there. Without the Divine Doctor aiding them, Rui didn't think it was possible for the Kandrian Empire to tame the alien lifeform without harming it in the process.

Only the Divine Doctor possessed the ability to do so.

Rui heaved a sigh, turning to Sage Sayfeel, nodding.

The man nonchalantly handed over the little orb to the doctor, who held it like it was sacred.

"I need a laboratory immediately," the man remarked. "Quick, we don't have time to waste."

"Come with me." Rui turned around after taking one last look at his father before leaving with the Divine Doctor. "I need the best of what you have to offer," the Divine Doctor insisted, holding the orb reverently. "As much space, state of the art technology, and absolute secrecy and privacy."

"Relax, I know just the place." Rui calmly assured him.

BADUMP!

He activated his Heart and Mind, activating Greater Phantomind Void as he dragged the Divine Doctor by manipulating heaven.

It wasn't too long before he arrived at an enormous research complex in Vargard stretching over many acres of land, with extremely high security.

There was an enormous board featuring the location.

[Kandrian Institute of Biotechnology]

It was a facility that fell under the control and management of the Ministry of Research and Development.

A ministry that was very much a part of his faction.

Essentially, he might as well have owned the entire place and could do whatever with it if he truly wanted.

A single flash of his royal amulet and confirmation of his identity was enough to breeze through all the security protocols. n/o/vel/b//in dot c//om

"Your Highness." The director of the institute kneeled before the Void Prince of the Kandrian Empire. "It is truly an honor to meet the vaunted Final Prince—"

"—Your loyalty is deeply appreciated," Rui impatiently interjected. "I need a state-of-the-art research laboratory with an isolated environment chamber system and all cutting-edge esoteric technological instruments and artifacts right now."

It wasn't long before Rui and the Divine Doctor found themselves exactly where they wanted to be.

"Finally!" The Divine Doctor ecstatically exclaimed. "You cannot imagine how long I have waited for this!"

The two men stared at the glowing white flora lifeform contained within an isolated environment that the doctor carefully manipulated.

Taking a close look at it for the second time gave Rui an appreciation of the sheer significance of what he was looking at.

An alien lifeform revolutionized their perspective of the universe.

It was the answer to 'Are we alone in the universe?'

Not even Rui could be certain despite coming from another world.

Last time, he didn't get to appreciate the sheer significance of what the alien lifeform represented because he had been blindsided by the revelation of his 'reincarnation.'

But now that he finally got to focus on what he saw, he couldn't help but lose himself observing it.

It shined white light despite being transparent. It was an ephemeral existence.

A creature unlike anything else he had ever seen in his life.

Its beauty was ineffable.

It was captivating.

Hypnotizing.

"It uses visual signals to hypnotize," the Divine Doctor broke him out of his reverie. "That's part of how it hypnotized all the creatures in the Mellow Dungeon."

-



Chapter 2066  Possibilities



"…That's interesting," Rui remarked. "I'm a Martial Master, but will you be fine?"

"I armed this particular vessel with anti-hypnosis measures," he lightly replied as his eyes never once left the specimen. "However, ordinary human staff cannot be allowed to directly lay eyes on it without being compromised and untrustworthy."

Rui's eyes narrowed. "Creating a training dungeon out of this will be annoyingly difficult if it's this hostile to anything that even looks at it."

"It can be overcome," the Divine Doctor replied. "However, I will need time. Lots of time to research it."

Rui turned to him with a pointed look. "How do you intend to approach researching this specimen? I will not perform experiments or endeavors that compromise the health of the specimen by anything more than an insignificant amount."

"I have no intention of compromising the alien specimen, I am certainly not foolish enough to get rid of one of the most promising keys to my greatest ambition," the Divine Doctor clinically reassured Rui. "However, this constraint will slow down. I would be able to accelerate my research if I had countless specimens of this species, but alas, we can only play with the cards we have dealt. Thus I shall have to limit my experimental research to micro samples."

"Experimenting on micro-samples is permissible, but how much will that delay your progress?"

"Hard to say, however, I would surprise myself if I'm able to make much progress within a year," he calmly answered Rui. "Conducting experiments of samples of different tissue to put the pieces of the puzzle together to understand the creature is a truly difficult task, but it is a matter of time. The creature is alien, not its matter."

Rui nodded. "That makes sense. Get me up to speed on the insights you have collected so far."

The Divine Doctor stirred at his words. "Well, I only had the creature for a few days before you woke up, thus do not expect highly rigorous insights, but the first conclusion that I came to the moment I learned of its alien origin was that the creature must be extraordinarily adaptable and survivable for how physically fragile it is."

It didn't take long for Rui's powerful mind to understand the line of logic that the Divine Doctor was implicitly using.

"The fact that the alien is not only able to survive but also thrive in a world that isn't its native home is truly remarkable," Rui realized. "If you displace any creature from Gaia and throw it into a random planet in this vast universe, the probability that it will be able to survive is extremely low but this creature…"

His eyes narrowed at the alien lifeform. "…It had absolutely no problem doing just that."

"Just so, young inheritor." The Divine Doctor nodded with a hint of appreciation. "Thus, it is highly likely that this specimen has an innate adaptability and survivability that is nigh unprecedented within our world. Perhaps the only creature that can match it as far as adaptive evolution goes is the Abyssfeeder. The only other possibility is that its native alien world is extremely similar to ours, within ten percent of a perfect match. But such a scenario is astronomically unlikely. Thus, it was unlikely."

Even Rui had to admit, it was too absurd to be plausible. The probability that there existed a world extremely similar to Gaia such that an alien from that world could survive on Gaia without any problem was probably more unlikely than anything else Rui could parse.

"However, your binary perspective seems oversimplistic," Rui countered. "It is possible that the true reason it is able to survive and thrive in our world is because of a combination of the two possibilities you have speculated. One can plot out a distribution of the configuration of the combinations of the two reasons. Perhaps the alien world is only a fifty-percent match with ours, but the alien flora lifeform possesses just enough adaptability to our world."

The Divine Doctor stirred at Rui's words. "That is indeed a possibility. However, given that it has been able to survive in the chaotic and erratic Beast Domain for a millennium, the inference still stands. There is no doubt that this creature possesses an incredible ability to adapt and integrate into alien ecosystems to a degree that I have never ever seen in my entire life. The fact that it's able to dungeonify after absorbing a powerful esoteric substance is proof of that."

Rui had to admit that his analysis was sound.

"Regardless, I intend to measure its adaptability and survivability by conducting experiments and tests on various samples," the Divine Doctor remarked. "I will begin with a top-down analysis and study its structure, the various types and distribution of tissue, and their apparent functions. Only after I have gained a thorough understanding of the aforementioned matters will I increase the resolution of my scientific inquiry." n/o/vel/b//in dot c//om

"…I suppose you are in complete control," Rui remarked, closing his eyes. "What else do you need?"

The Divine Doctor considered his question. "…I will need a team. This is not something that I am able to embark on myself as quickly as I'd like to. Experienced, brilliant researchers. Ideally, I'd like you to be a part of my team, but I already know that you would refuse."

Rui snorted lightly. "I'm a Martial Artist."

"It is both fortunate and unfortunate that you are." The Divine Doctor heaved a sigh. "I need people of your caliber for them to be able to help me beyond grunt work."

An idea popped into his head as a smile emerged on his face. "…I think I know just the man for the job."

The two of them conversed for a while about the specifics of the alien lifeform.

Rui was glad that he was able to get the Divine Doctor on the job. A process that would probably take a decade had been cut down to a year. If anybody was qualified to learn the secrets of the alien lifeform, it was the Divine Doctor.

-



Chapter 2067  Considerations



While the Divine Doctor and Rui studied the alien lifeform, other developments began to unfold across Kandria over the next few days.

A single rumor had begun blazing through the upper echelons of the Kandrian Empire.

A rumor that staggered anybody who heard it.

"Final Prince Rui Quarrier Silas Kandria has broken through to the Master Realm."

The elite, rich, and powerful in well-connected circles increasingly began hearing this piece of information passed around more and more.

Normally, they would dismiss it as nonsense.

A thirty-five-year-old Martial Senior, which was deeply anomalous in and of itself, breaking through to the Master Realm?

Who would believe such a thing?

Why would anyone believe such a rumor, especially when it was about the Final Prince of all people?

In the past six years since Rui had been revealed as the Final Prince of Kandria, countless rumors has flooded the Kandrian Empire about him.

Some whispered that he wasn't really the emperor's son. That the Emperor had faked their blood relationship because he found Rui to be fitting for the throne. Some whispered that he was actually responsible for the collapse of Prince Randal, Princesses Raemina, Ranea, and Rafia.

Some whispered that the current prince was a fake.

All of these rumors, however, had been dismissed as nonsense.

This was just the latest rumor to join the large pile of nonsensical rumors regarding the Final Prince.

But it persisted.

This was because it came from multiple sources that independently reported it.

A leak from the staff at the Royal Palace.

A leak from the Kandrian Institute of Biotechnology.

A leak from the Martial Union.

A leak from an independent investigative guild.

They kept leaking faster than people could dismiss them.

It gave the naysayers pause even if they were deeply skeptical.

The Final Prince was thirty-five years old if he truly had broken through to the Master Realm at his current age, then he will have shattered the previous record by half.

In fact, he would have matched the previous record for the breakthrough the Senior Realm with his breakthrough to the Master Realm.

"That's impossible!" It was an exclamation that was not uncommon among those that could not bring themselves to believe such an outrageous rumor. n/o/vel/b//in dot c//om

Over the next few days, the rumors continued to grow louder and stronger, spreading far beyond the confines of Kandria.

"Verify these immediately," a powerful masculine voice commanded, emerging from an even more masculine man.

He sat on an extravagant chair at a wide table at the center of a large extravagant office. An extravagant crest shined on the chest of his attire.

A coat of arms featuring a golden lion at its center.

The Britannian Empire.

He was none other than Prime Minister Edward Gel Dermont III of the Britannian Empire.

He read through the reports supplied by Britannian spies rooted in the Kandrian Empire as his eyes narrowed.

"It is deeply unlike that these are true but…" His deep voice rumbled. "…verify the veracity of these claims."

"Yes, sir."

His assistant swiftly left the prime minister's chambers to convey his command to the Britannian Intelligence Force.

His gaze shifted to the profile documents of the Final Prince featuring a picture of him.

"Prince Rui Quarrier Silas Kandria…" He growled. Britannia was hardly the only powerhouse that had a pronounced interest in the latest rumor surrounding the most famous prince of the Kandrian Empire.

In the depths of the most heavily guarded complex in all of the Republic of Gorteau sat a suited man at the desk.

The President of Gorteau.

He frowned, reading through the reports that the director of the Federal Intelligence Bureau had supplied. "…Is this real?"

A heavily suited man standing before him. "We have strong reason to believe that this isn't merely empty gossip, Mr President."

"So you mean to say…" He tossed the documents on the table. "…that this kid, who also turned out to be the crown prince of the Kandrian Empire, is also now a Martial Master? Are you kidding me?"

His eyes darkened as he met the gaze of the director of intelligence. "Tell me, if he truly is a Martial Master, what is the probability that he will become a Martial Sage?"

The air pricked all those who stood in his vicinity.

"…Dangerously high, Mr President. He has retained his youth and will almost certainly retain it even more when he consumes a potion sooner or later. His rate of growth will be extremely high compared to Martial Masters. The conditions to reach the Sage Realm are correlated with relative power. Thus, it will be highly beneficial to his growth in the Sage Realm."

President Raymond narrowed his eyes. "…What is the recommended response by the Federal Security Agency?"

"Elimination, Mr President." The Director of Intelligence firmly asserted. "The Final Prince of Kandria has caused us to suffer losses multiple times in the past. If he truly is a Martial Master, the threat that he represents is quite high. The potential threat he represents as a potential Martial Sage is even higher. Furthermore, killing him will weaken Kandria even more, triggering a second Throne War by depriving them of their next Emperor."

The president narrowed his eyes coldly as he fell into thought.

"…Purely hypothetically, but what are our options in eliminating him?"

On the very opposite side of East Panama, the Sekigahara Confederate, too, had taken notice of the rumors of Rui's breakthrough to the Master Realm.

"…This will be fun." A woman clad in the ethnic attire of the Tanaka Clan remarked. She smiled coldly. "Kandria's future is bright with that young man at its center."

Her eyes grew frostier. "Perhaps a bit too bright."

Her gaze swept across the round table of the thirteen other individuals who shared her smile.

They were the leaders of the fourteen clans of the Sekigahara Confederate.

"Kandria…" One of them remarked. "…is changing."

His eyes sharpened. "Times of change are no different from times of weakness. I wonder if there ever will be an opportunity like this ever again."

The others understood what he meant as they fell into thought.

The three powerhouses came to have their own considerations regarding the recent developments.

Regardless, the future of the East Panama would change more than anything of them could ever imagine.

-



Chapter 2068  Mess After Mess



Over the next few days, Rui tried his best to deal with the many things that were on his plate.

Among the more pressing matters was dealing with the mess that Master Reina had left behind for him.

"Why did you go even more crazy after the Martial Union discovered your deception?" Rui complained to her. "Well, if you must know," she sighed dramatically. "…It was because I got bored."

Rui slammed his face. "…Now, I have to deal with the fact this mess, bit by bit."

There had been more than one heartbroken young lady who shed many a tear when Rui began dismantling his harems one by one.

Not that there was anything wrong with them, of course. He even inwardly admitted that Master Reina had good taste in women. But it was something that he could not continue in her stead.

Many a father grabbed his collar.

Many a mother cursed him for taking their daughter's virginity while not also taking her hand.

But he gritted his teeth and bled through it.

Thankfully, he was rich.

Filthy rich even.

Almost all sobbing daughters froze as their eyes lit up with greed when they saw the number of digits he wrote on his cheques.

Ten minutes later, he had already departed from the place.

"Tsk, Master Reina found me a bunch of gold diggers," he grumbled.

Some cases, however, were not so easy to deal with.

This was especially the case for all of those that had plenty of wealth. For these people, merely wealth alone was not enough.

In such cases, he had no choice but to accept commissions.

Those who realized that he had broken through to the Master Realm were especially eager to obtain a promise of his services.

As for his faction, thankfully, he didn't feel the need to do much in that regard. As soon as his father woke, he would be fully within his right to disband his faction.

Maintaining it would only impede his father's return to power.

In addition to dealing with the mess that Master Reina had left him, he also began considering how to fulfill his promise to the Elder Tree.

He hadn't forgotten that he had promised the Elder Tree that he would enlist the power of the Kandrian Empire to aid the creature in its many operations to survive. He intended to fulfill that promise thoroughly. Not just because the Elder Tree was a highly important asset.

But also because he truly valued the creature as an ally.

Even when it was in a position of power, it had never done Rui any wrong and had always operated in good faith.

Allies that were both powerful and sincere were extremely rare and valuable.

"The beacon blood tree species?" A man sitting opposite Rui frowned. "Of course I know of it. What of it, Your Highness?"

"What can you tell me about it in so far as procurability and maintenance?" Rui asked nonchalantly. "Hmm…I can say that it is quite rare and challenging to find and procure," he pondered aloud. "And maintaining it is rather difficult as it has some truly extreme environmental requirements." "Oh?" Rui raised an eyebrow. "Like what?"

"Unlike nearly every other species in the plant kingdom," he continued. "It is highly hydrophobic. Water is highly toxic to it. Thus, it needs to be in an environment that is entirely devoid of water. Additionally, it is highly nutrient-demanding. That is why maintaining it is not easy. It is also why it is quite rare to find the first place."

Rui didn't care about the costs. The priceless value of the strategic intelligence of the Elder Tree on the Beast Domain far dwarfed anything that could possibly be lost in sustaining the species.

"Procure them at all costs," Rui instructed the Director of the Kandrian Institute of Biotechnology. "Budget is no matter. You will be given as many funds as you need."

The Director's eyes widened at those words. "…Your Highness?"

Rui got up. "Procure as many as fast as possible. I shall instruct my faction to aid you in any way possible. If you need me to personally intervene, then I shall do that too."

The man stared at Rui, flummoxed. "…Is it really worth it to go through all the effort to procure them, Your Highness? My institute does not evaluate them to have such high research value."

"That is no matter. Do as I say," Rui calmly instructed him. "I shall inform the Minister of Research and Development to also pursue this matter." n/o/vel/b//in dot c//om

Rui had no intention of revealing the reason that he sought these trees, of course. The value of the Elder Tree network would have been maximized if nobody had known about it.

He needed to pursue it aggressively to ensure he actually got it, but not too aggressively such that those who saw him got suspicious and began digging deeper.

The easiest way avenue of procurement was the market. Although they were rare, the Ministry of Research and Development could very easily purchase them for whatever price was needed.

The Elder Tree had mentioned that the more they had, the better. It represented a greater bandwidth.

Rui wanted to maximize the bandwidth as much as possible to maximize the strategic intelligence that could be conveyed by the Elder Tree to them. The more intelligence he had, the more he could do with it.

Thus, ideally, he would love to have an entire forest's worth of beacon blood trees so that he could gain a massive connection to the Elder Tree. But he didn't know how viable that was.

Regardless, he would be grateful to have any.

'Once Father wakes up, I'll need to have a long and deep talk with him regarding this. We'll need to come up with some sort of task force that is dedicated to aiding the Elder Tree with its nutrition requirements and sustaining its needed chemical cycles,' Rui narrowed his eyes as he left the institute, returning home.

-



Chapter 2069  Seeking Freedom



It had been five days since Rui's return to the Kandrian Empire.

He had hoped for some peace upon his return back home, but largely thanks to Reina, he had been greeted with a mess that gave the Beast Domain a run for its money.

Instead of dealing with important things, he was left busy putting out the many things that she had set on fire to satisfy her boredom. Of course, while he resented her for making his life hard, he was grateful to her for covering for him for three years upon his request. She had still largely been of great help despite her many little pranks on him.

The Martial Union settled down after his return and victory in the duel and wager. While many Martial Masters were not entirely satisfied with the outcome, none of them voiced any complaints and piped down when it came to the matter regarding Rui's punishments.

Things would have been very dicey had he been a Martial Senior, but as a Martial Master who was extremely powerful from the very get-go, most of them did not have the right to even complain.

Unbeknownst to them, Rui had been cooking a pleasant surprise.

Rui had also been made aware of the many rumors of him that had been spreading about his breakthrough to the Master Realm in the Kandrian Empire and even outside. Given that he had educated himself on the deteriorating international relations in the past three years, he knew that this development was most likely not going to be pleasant.

Unlike the youngest Martial Senior, the youngest Martial Master meant something. Martial Masters had the power to affect the balance of power even between Sage-level powerhouses.

Rui predicted, much to his own chagrin, that the probability of the three other powerhouses of East Panama taking action to nip a future threat was, unfortunately, not zero.

This was part of standard operations.

Extraordinary Seniors were usually potential Masters.

And extraordinary Masters were certainly potential Sages.

Whether he like it or not, he would undoubtedly be viewed that way.

"I don't think I can afford to show off too much." He realized. "That will just increase the probability that I will be assassinated."

Rui would rather not return to needing bodyguards.

He was a Martial Master.

He decided to cancel making an official announcement for now.

"Maybe I'll consider doing it after I consume a stamina potion."

He had already looked through the Martial Union's catalog of available potions and chosen a potion of his choice.

[Sandflower Nectar Potion]

It was a potion that was created out of the nectar of a flora species that had the power to survive for decades through an extraordinarily dense and compact manner of storing energy and nutrients. It would significantly increase Rui's stamina, allowing him to sustain intense battle for lengthened periods of time.

In turn, it would allow the Metabody System to catch up with the other systems that were more modern and refined, for it was the sole system that had been created when he was merely a Martial Squire.

It had not been created with the Martial Heart in mind which was also quite stamina draining as well. Together, the two often forced Rui to be on the back-end as far as attrition battles went.

Rui suspected that he would grow immensely stronger as his initial power increased tremendously, allowing him to withstand many tribulations throughout the battle due to a much more powerful failsafe.

"As soon as I've fixed the mess Reina left behind," Rui grumbled. "I'm going to consume that potion."

Thankfully, all though she had been busy, he was able to deal with each obstacle at a remarkably high pace. He partially dealt with it as quickly as he did by sending out his agents one after another, canceling all the silly harem contracts that she had signed and paying the severance pay even if it made him bleed.

Having put the Ministry of Research and Development and his administration immediately on search for beacon blood tree specimens and having put the Divine Doctor on researching the alien, he had dealt with the three super assets simultaneously.

The Divine Doctor had yet to inquire to request Rui for his payment for healing his father.

They both knew why.

Until the Emperor of Harmony woke up, the deal was not yet in place. Both of them were waiting for Emperor Rael Di Kandria to wake up for their deal to unfold. The Divine Doctor at least had principles as a medical practitioner.

Rui had accomplished a lot in the past five days, so much so that it felt like an entire month. Yet, he gritted his teeth and cleaved through all the nonsense that shackled him, breaking them apart. While others saw him working as a responsible leader, he saw himself as a man fighting for freedom. His goal, at the end of all this effort, was to come out on the other side of the tunnel a free man.

As Rui, the Martial Artist.

Not Rui the prince.

Nor Rui, the future Emperor. n/ô/vel/b//in dot c//om

Nor Rui, the leader of a faction.

Nor anything else.

It was an exorcism.

He sought to return to his roots.

Yet, the most important piece in freeing himself of all these unwanted burdens was to ensure that the thing that had caused them to weigh him down was undone.

He needed to get at the root cause of why he was weighed down by much in the past eight years.

The man he had long come to come to accept as his father begrudgingly.

Everything was in place.

And that was when the long-awaited event finally happened.

Deep within the medical wing of the Vargard Royal Palace, in a special medical room, lay a man.

An emperor.

One that had slumbered for a long time.

And now, his long slumber had finally come to an end.

He opened his eyes.

The Emperor of Harmony had awakened.

-



