Chapter 2160  Training Value



"Before that, you must register with the administration," they told him. "After that, you will be assigned a briefing and an evaluation shortly after."

They gestured him to a counter with an array of human employees across them, processing Martial Artists that came with various needs and requirements.

"Once that's done, you can do whatever you want in your free time," they explained to him. "You can avail the training resources in the Panamic Martial Federation with either monetary or Martial compensation."

"Understood." Rui nodded. "I appreciate the guidance. By the way, I never caught your names, unfortunately."

"Ah…" They exchanged glances. "I am Dellir Merenmel." The man smiled.

"I am his wife," she added. "Maywel Merenmel."

"Merenmel…" Rui narrowed his eyes as the name struck as oddly familiar. "Wait a minute, you guys…Are you not the Cardinal Couple?"

He recognized their last name as belonging to a pair Martial Masters that had earned a name for them as Martial Masters due to how much power the two Martial Master had collectively due their synergy and teamwork. "Ahaha, it is an honor that the Void Prince of the Kandrian Empire knows of us, I must say." Master Dellir smiled at Rui.

"Ugh, please do not remind me of that nickname," Master Maywell grumbled. "One of the reasons that I was quite adamant of retiring to the headquarters of the Panamic Martial Federation was due to the fact that that nickname followed me everywhere."

Rui smiled wryly while the two of them bade him farewell to return to their patrol duties.

"May we meet again, Master Rui."

"See you later."

It wasn't long before Rui commenced and even completed the registration process. That Panamic Martial Federation seemed to understand Martial Artists very well, considering that they merely requested for his name and proof of identity while promising to handle the rest.

Martial Artists were not good with paperwork. With low education, they usually possessed neither the understanding of bureaucratic protocols nor the patience to deal with them. Thus, the Panamic Martial Federation wisely ensured its staff and management handled everything.

It was one of the strongest arguments used against Martial Supremacy and quite a convincing one.

If Martial Artists wanted to be in charge of everything, then they needed to deal with things that they despised dealing with. They also needed to deal with the fact that they needed to be competent enough to manage a state.

Regardless, while Rui had no problem dealing with paperwork, he was more than grateful to set out exploring the Panamic Martial Federation before he was assigned a slot for his briefing.

He soared to the skies above the tectonic plate that cradled the Federation, breathing in a gush of cold air. The atmosphere above the Panamic Martial Federation seemed to be purposefully designed to retain an unnatural amount of air, considering the elevation of the tectonic plate.

Yet, unlike the Ajanta Floating Island, it did not do so by relying on gravity.

It was a fascinating phenomenon yet very bizarre to the senses. It was almost as though the tectonic plate was truly something that had been pasted into the sky from Gaia in a strange reality glitch, where it retained an air density that made no sense at the elevations that it was at.

Regardless, he was more interested in things built on top of it than the floating tectonic plate itself.

"Honestly, I am shocked that the tectonic plate doesn't completely disintegrate under the weight of Martial Sages and Masters," he murmured to himself. "I suppose that's why the infrastructure is so massive and extensive."

The amount of power that Martial Artists of the Upper Realms were capable of outputting was so far beyond what ordinary bedrock out to be capable of withstanding that it would take particularly powerful resources to ensure that these Martial Artists did not destroy everything.

However, as far as training resources go, not even the headquarters of the Panamic Martial Federation could trump the sheer utility of the Kandrian Martial Chambers in the training manifold in the Kandrian Empire.

No amount of ordinary training resources could compare to the growth rate of fourteen times.

Of course, the only drawback that the manifold made was that it only made one grow faster relative to others while also making them age that much faster. In other words, the manifold could not make people stronger in their lifetime than they would have been without it. Nôv(el)B\\jnn

It did not increase the maximum peak that one could achieve; it just allowed that peak to come sooner rather than later. Of course, just growing faster relative to others was a blessing that would make people hyper-competitive against their peers.

Still, to someone like Rui, who wanted to make the best of his youth and prime, the Panamic Martial Federation might be better for him as an individual Martial Artist, while the manifold was more precious to nations that simply wanted to cultivate Martial Artists sooner rather than later.

"I don't plan to return to training any time soon, so I suppose that it doesn't matter."

He had spent plenty of time in training, after all. However, the next time he wanted to train a specific technique, he might just decide to use the Panamic Martial Federation than his other techniques.

He zoomed about as he indulged himself in exploring the various megastructures that catered to individual Masters and Sages with deep interest and fascination. Normally, for most training infrastructure for Martial Artists of the Upper Realms, they needed to constrain their power and the area over which they could train due to the costs of infrastructure.

Perhaps only Sage-level powerhouses could deal with the expenses and the demanding requirements of resources for such training resources. He felt his nerves tingle when he arrived at the section reserved for Martial Sages. A training establishment that covered the equivalent of entire nations in area.

Immense swathes of land and infrastructure reserved solely for Sages. It was an enviable treatment that Rui yearned to earn for himself one day.

-



Chapter 2161  Unavailable



Rui thoroughly enjoyed his tour of the headquarters of the Panamic Martial Federation. It was the first time that he had come across such an ungodly amount of resources dedicated solely to the progression of Martial Art.

It gave him the impression that even if Martial Art were to lose an immense amount of power and capital one day, the Panamic Martial Federation possessed the ability to sustain the growth of Martial Art on its own.

In that regard, he had to admit that it truly was by, for, and of Martial Artists.

One of the reasons that he didn't aggressively spread his knowledge of science was because he was concerned that it could undermine the dominance of Martial Art. He didn't know whether Martial Sages would be able to deal with siege weapons armed with powerful processing power and accurate data.

He would have been less concerned if Martial Transcendents were actually assets that exercised their power. But given that Martial Sages were effectively the peak of Martial Art, he had been wary of the impacts he could have.

However, after seeing how much the Panamic Martial Federation put into Martial Art, he could not help but believe that Martial Art would prevail no matter what.

Of course, he was aware that this was far from an objective analysis and, rationally, it didn't change much.

Regardless, the countless training facilities that could train just about all primary fields of combat and their various sub-fields were a truly amazing sight.

Massive chunks of the surface of the tectonic plate were dedicated offense, defense, and maneuvering. Within them, countless sub-sections dedicated many resources to all conceivable sub-fields within them.

In the offensive section, he could see several avenues dedicated solely to impact-offenses, the most common type of offense in Martial Art. Things like punching and kicking fell into this category. One would think that this was a relatively simple category, yet one could not be further away from the truth in that regard. Every type of blunt force and impact-offense was explored. From vibration-based impact-offense techniques to friction-based, and even temperature and piercing-based offensive techniques. Each had dedicated training facilities to ensure that there was no lack of training resources for even the most niche kinds of techniques.

Of course, more popular and common kinds of techniques and principles got more funding. Rui imagined that a process quite similar to the annual Martial Fiscal Budget Allocation Meeting that happened in the Martial Union also happened in the Panamic Martial Federation.

Within the defense sector, entire portions of the infrastructure were dedicated to a variety of conditioning-based techniques that operated with many different principles. Conditioning was bread and butter as far as defense went. Yet, it was an extremely broad field that operated on many different principles.

After all, the human body was extremely complex. The same was even more true for the Martial Body. There were many layers and systems of the human body that could be conditioned in different ways to improve its ability to withstand force inflicted on it. There were many advantages that came with conditioning one's body. Passive durability that didn't consume any energy or any mental attention was an asset for obvious reasons. Such high benefits for merely suffering through the conditioning process were the reasons that these techniques were popular. With such a large number of Martial Artists mastering and developing various kinds of conditioning techniques, it was natural that a lot of techniques with different philosophies and principles had emerged.

However, it appeared that the Panamic Martial Federation was able to keep up with all the techniques that had sprung up across the Martial World, for there existed training resources for every kind of technique that Rui could even conceive of.

This included techniques that only he had mastered due to having developed them for himself—such was the versatility of the training resources available at his disposal.

He spent quite some time admiring the vast training infrastructure that he could access at any point he wanted.

"I might have been able to complete training the Yin-Yang Spear sooner if I had trained here instead of in the Kandrian Empire," he realized. However, he would have had to contribute wealth or Martial contributions to make use of it while he could make use of the Martial Union's facilities for free when in the Kandrian Empire.

At the moment, he wasn't feeling generous enough to contribute to anybody after all he had done for the Kandrian Empire. n/ô/vel/b//jn dot c//om

Eventually, his little tour of the Panamic Martial Federation's training section came to an end. It was time to get to business.

He didn't want to stall the mission that his father had given him.

"Ah, I'm afraid to inform you that your slot has not yet been assigned, Master Rui," the employee at the counter began when he approached. "That is not what I'm here to inquire about," Rui stated with a calm voice. "I believe that I'm allowed to book appointments with members of the Panamic Martial Federation's advisory council, right?"

"Of course, Your Mastery. Are you perhaps interested in booking a meeting with anybody in particular?" Rui nodded. "Sage Kole Kellin."

He didn't miss the micro-reactions from her body language and the mental ripples inside her mind when she heard his answer.

"…Of course, Your Mastery," she replied with a perfunctory response.

"Is anything wrong?" Rui raised an eyebrow. "Ah…" Her expression grew troubled. "You can speak freely, you know." "I'm sorry, Your Mastery." She bowed her head. "However, Her Honored Sagehood very rarely accepts meeting requests from anybody, I'm afraid."

Rui narrowed his eyes. "Is that so…?"

It matched the intelligence reports that his father had supplied him with, which reported that she was pretty insular and rarely communicated with anybody. Thus, it begged the question of how one could possibly get in touch with her.

"How much would it cost to get her to see me?"

The employee grew more uncomfortable at the implications of his words. "I'm afraid we do not have such provisions at the Panamic Martial Federation."

-



Chapter 2162  Crazy plan



"Is it a matter of Martial Contributions, then?"

"I'm afraid that we cannot force an honored Martial Sage to answer Your Mastery's calls. I hope you understand."

"Is there no way that I can contact her?" Rui furrowed his eyebrows. "I'm afraid not, Your Mastery. Not through any official channels in the Panamic Martial Federation, at least," she answered. "I cannot speak for any unofficial channels that may or may not exist."

Stepping away from the counter, Rui fell into deep thought as she made it abundantly clear that she was unable to help him in any way after several more exchanges.

It was annoying that he had already hit a speed bump, unable to even meet Sage Kole, let alone convince her. Normally, had it been an ordinary reason, he would have given up and gone home, however, his mission was not something that he could just give up on.

"I need to get in touch with her through some other means," he thought to himself. "Something that will get me in touch with her face-to-face."

It was silly that there were no official means by which he could guarantee a meeting. After all, surely the Panamic Martial Federation would ensure that even its high-ranking members did not reflect poorly on its attitude towards highly important figures.

Which he was, by all reasonable means of evaluations.

He was a particularly powerful Martial Master and a pretty influential member of the Martial Union. Furthermore, he was part of the Kandrian Royal Family and had even been the bonafide emperor before he had headed for the Beast Domain to find the Divine Doctor.

Surely this extravagant status should give him enough political clout to speak to any Martial Sage on demand, or so he thought.

There were some people who simply didn't care, it appeared.

"She should have some personal contact with the others," Rui thought carefully. "Is there any merit in trying to get to her through her personal contacts?"

The idea died as fast as it had been born.

"That's not going to work." He shook his head, heaving a sigh. "It's too aggressive. Not to mention, kind of creepy."

If he couldn't get in contact with her informally or through the official contacts in the Panamic Martial Federation, then the only choice with which he could get into contact with her was through her duties as a member of the Panamic Martial Federation.

She was a member of the advisory council and the sole High Martial Judge of the East Panamic branch of the Panamic Martial Federation, possessing the authority to judge and sentence Martial Masters.

As an organization by, of, and for Martial Artists, humans had been deemed unworthy to judge Martial Artists. Especially Martial Artists of the Upper Realms.

All the Martial Artists of the Panamic Martial Federation had unanimously agreed that only those with greater power possessed the right to judge those with lesser power. In other words, the only ones who possessed the right to judge Martial Masters were stronger Martial Masters.

And perhaps the only one that could judge a Martial Master as strong as Rui was…

"…A Martial Sage."

The reason that she was a High Martial Judge at all, according to the intelligence that his father had provided him, was due to the fact that one needed to be to Martial Sage to judge high-grade Martial Masters whom no retired Martial Masters serving as judges could be qualified to judge.

"In other words, I can guarantee myself a meeting with the Sage as long as I violate the law of the Panamic Martial Federation." He calmly analyzed his circumstances to decipher the best option to get this mission done as soon as possible.

It didn't take him long to arrive at the quickest method to get a meeting with her.

However, violating a law of the Panamic Martial Federation was not a sane method to get a meeting with someone who served as a judge.

At the same time, all other methods were too slow or too infeasible. He found himself between a rock and a hard place.

"Unfortunately, I'm not sure there are any ways to meet her any time soon," he remarked. "And based on my estimations, this cannot be delayed all too much either. I need to ensure that I have her bagged as an asset for the Kandrian Empire by the time I head back home."

Even though his father had not divulged the timelines of when the war was projected to start, Rui was sharp enough to deduce the due dates that his father had to adhere to based on the fact that he had shamelessly asked Rui for yet another favor after having already benefited from him greatly in the first place. The fact that his father had requested him nonetheless at this particular point in time was evidence enough for Rui to figure out that they were on a schedule and couldn't afford to fall behind. n/ô/vel/b//jn dot c//om

"Hmph, what a needy father," Rui grumbled.

Thus, Rui's options were reduced significantly. His powerful mind had conjured up many plans to get in touch with Sage Kole, including breaking into her personal quarters if things got truly desperate. Yet each of these plans was only viable if he had time. The only way he could get in touch with her within the duration of his visit, according to his estimations, was if he obligated her to come before him as a matter of duty. According to the intelligence that his father had given him, she was deeply duty-bound as a matter of her personality.

This was a product of her time as a member of the military of her now-deceased nation. It was one of the reasons that his father wanted her services. He wanted the power of another Martial Sage who was deeply loyal to him.

Rui had no doubt that his father would succeed in earning her loyalty if given an opportunity to succeed. However, he was not welcome aboard the Panamic Martial Federation by virtue of being a human. It did not matter if he was the Emperor of Harmony or the ruler of a Sage-level nation. If anything, that simply made it even more difficult than if he were a normal human.

-



Chapter 2163  A Single Name



The only outsiders that could set foot within the Panamic Martial Federation were Martial Artists, and the only Martial Artists that Emperor Rael could trust to undertake such an immensely important mission aside from the Martial Sages of the Martial Union were Sage Sayfeel and Rui.

The former's existence was an absolute secret that could not be divulged. Thus, Rui was the only one he could turn to.

In fact, although Emperor Rael hadn't said it, Rui knew that he had given him the easiest Sage recruitment mission out of all. An able Martial Sage was far more difficult to impress and was far too dangerous for Rui compared to a fully crippled Martial Sage.

"Oh well…" He shrugged. "Time to break a law or two."

It was rather silly when he thought of the underlying reason why he had come to the conclusion that he needed to go through such an extreme solution. Normally, not being able to meet a recruitment target was not cause to become a criminal.

The sane response in this circumstance was to simply give up and go back home and tell his father it couldn't happen.

Yet, Rui simply couldn't afford to do this, easy as it was.

Success was imperative to ensuring that the Kandrian Empire was able to gain the power it needed to withstand pressure from the rest of the world. Furthermore, it needed to happen quickly.

On top of that, the means by which he got the opportunity to convince her to join the Kandrian Empire and serve his father, the Emperor of Harmony, could not reduce the probability of her accepting his offer.

In other words, he couldn't go too far. Pissing her off was not going to help him succeed. He just needed to ensure that he got in the same room as her. He also wanted to avoid incurring a sentence that was particularly hard or rough as he wasn't interested in becoming a fugitive.

In other words, he just needed to get in front of her.

The reason that he was so confident was that he didn't think she would be able to resist the allure of regaining her power. Once she was in front of him and faced with the opportunity to regain her power, she most likely would not do anything to delay the process.

Sentencing him to some form of imprisonment was something that would most certainly delay the regaining of her power. Thus, he could be certain that she was heavily disincentivized to go through such an option.

Based on the intelligence that his father had provided him, while Sage Kole was a person who had been deeply loyal to her former home, she merely joined the Panamic Martial Federation because she had nowhere else to go. His father noted in the intelligence package that there was an extremely low probability of Sage Kole having gained a deep loyalty to the organization, considering that she had historically stayed away from it, refusing to partake in its legislature.

In addition, it hadn't been too long since the loss of control over her power. It had been merely twelve years, which was nothing by the standards of a Martial Sage. In other words, the probability that she had managed to get over her predicament was low.

All these pieces of information culminated together to give Rui greater certainty that Sage Kole would almost surely prioritize the recovery of her power over her sedentary duty as a High Martial Judge.

As long as he managed to convey his message to her before she completed her trial, he could compel her to declare him innocent so that they could head back to the Kandrian Empire to treat her.

In other words, his plan entailed breaking just significant enough of a law that would just be enough to get him in front of the sole judge whose Martial Realm was high enough to judge him so that he could essentially bribe her with what was probably the single greatest dream she harbored so that she could acquit him with the goal of hastening her recovery in the Kandrian Empire.

"It's a crazy plan when I actually put it like that."

However, he was confident in his evaluation and reasoning for each of the individual premises of such a crazy plan. "Now, to find the most appropriate way to get myself in front of her."

Ideally, it should be the most inoffensive thing that he could possibly do to ensure that the well wasn't poisoned when he did eventually stand in front of her.

"However, I should save executing this plan until after my briefing and Martial evaluation," he mused knowingly. "It would not do for this plan to interfere with my briefing."

He highly doubted that they would extend this courtesy to him if he broke the law and was put on trial first. However, while he did care about compelling Sage Kole to join the Kandrian Empire and swear loyalty to his father, he was also interested in learning everything that the Panamic Martial Federation had to convey to him.

Hopefully, the information that they were going to convey would aid him with his journey to the Sage Realm. However, he doubted it. Such a thing was too good to be true.

Thankfully, it wasn't too long before he got a notification informing him of his slot for the Master-level briefing and evaluation. He quickly skimmed through it, mindlessly reading through the details.

[Esteemed Master Rui Quarrier Silas Kandria, your briefing and evaluation have been scheduled for tomorrow, the Sixteenth of Summer. The following internal Martial Masters shall conduct the briefing and evaluation.

Briefing: Master Gern.

Martial Embodiment evaluator: Master Felix.

Martial Profile evaluator: Master Jenile.

…]

It was an entirely ordinary message.

One that would not have stirred anyone who read it.

After all, it was a bunch of boring details for a bunch of boring matters.

Yet, Rui froze. n/ô/vel/b//jn dot c//om

His eyes sharpened gravely as his expression grew severe.

The air grew frosty as his chilling gaze intensified, fixating on the message.

A single name.

[Combat threat evaluator: Master Uma.]

-



Chapter 2164  Resurfacing Memories



Rui's presence grew chilling as a dark glare fixated on her name.

Of all the names that he possibly had run into, he did not expect to see Master Uma on the list.

A painful sensation emerged within his body. Within his heart.

Suppressed memories of one of the worst periods of his life flooded back.

He hadn't forgotten her, but he had certainly subconsciously tried to.

Until relatively recently in his life, he was too weak to personally do anything about her. After all, she was a Martial Master.

However, seeing her name on the list of Martial Artists unearthed a forgotten oath.

The darkness in his eyes swirled as he recalled what he swore to himself.

"One day, I will kill her with my own two hands."

Nearly fifteen years had passed.

And today, he had finally amassed enough power to do justice to his own oath. He clenched his fist as his eyes narrowed.

Bloodlust flickered in their depths.

He didn't know what she was doing serving as an evaluator in the Panamic Martial Federation. However, the commission for the information blackout that he had gotten from the Beggar's Sect regarding his identity to her had long expired, and he was too busy with far too many things to pay any mind to seek information about her.

However, the very thought of that crazy religious fanatic serving as his combat threat evaluator was a sick joke that wasn't funny. There weren't many things that could inspire true rage from him.

This was one of them.

A single whisper escaped him.

"I should kill her." He hadn't forgotten the frustration that he felt at his own weakness when he escaped from her in fear while Master Deivon fought with all his might to protect Rui from her. If not for the fact that he had confirmed that Master Deivon was still alive in the Virodhabhasa Theocracy in isolated training under Sage Sariawar's oversight, he would be a lot more furious. n/ô/vel/b//jn dot c//om

However, he knew that he needed to put an end to his grudge against her and the threat that she represented to him. She couldn't reveal her crazy delusions regarding his capabilities and shallow resemblance to the Antithesis due to Master Deivon threatening to reveal her own mutiny committed when Rui left the Virodhabhasa Theocracy after winning the Martial Contest. However, she still represented a threat to his freedom.

However, he knew that he needed to put an end to his grudge against her and the threat that she represented to him. She couldn't reveal her crazy delusions regarding his capabilities and shallow resemblance to the Antithesis due to Master Deivon threatening to reveal her own mutiny committed when Rui left the Virodhabhasa Theocracy after winning the Martial Contest. However, she still represented a threat to his freedom.

She needed to die.

There was no question of that.

However, what was a question that he needed to answer was whether he could do so at this point in time, or not.

After all, unauthorized killing in the Panamic Martial Federation was a serious matter.

The worst punishment was enslavement.

Despite being for, of, and by Martial Artists, he knew that the Panamic Martial Federation permitted the enslavement of Martial Artists that had proven to be a liability to the Panamic Martial Federation or had egregiously violated the rules. The best punishment was permanent exile.

In other words, he could not kill her inside the Panamic Martial Federation without consequences.

Yet, when would he ever get the chance to kill her if not now?

Would he need to wait years and decades more to kill her?

However, was his vendetta against her truly worth incurring a harsh sentence from the Panamic Martial Federation?

Killing one of their officers, especially a Martial Master, was not something that could be forgiven lightly. Perhaps he wouldn't suffer lifelong enslavement since the Panamic Martial Federation was extremely reluctant to spoil its relationship with the Martial Union and the Emperor of Harmony due to its greed for mass Apprentice breakthroughs. However, it certainly wouldn't go unpunished.

Furthermore, it could screw with the mission that his father had entrusted him with.

It was one thing if he violated a more technical, albeit important, law, but it was an entirely separate matter altogether to murder an 'innocent' Master who had graciously made use of her time to evaluate him.

While he was still confident that what he was offering was too juicy to Sage Kole for it to not be in her serious consideration, he would not be able to be certain that she would accept his offer if the context of their meeting was something as severe as this.

"Damn!"

He closed his eyes as his expression crumpled with a hint of frustration.

The most rational thing to do was to kill her another day. The most logical option, when his powerful intellect processed all possible scenarios, was one where he simply pretended that he hadn't the faintest clue who she was.

Otherwise, he would end up incurring the consequences of acting on his bloodlust.

He considered killing her in secret with Greater Phantomind Void, a technique that used his memories of her. However, there was no way that he would be able to do that without adequate intelligence on her and all the security measures of the Panamic Martial Federation.

Even though he was a powerful Martial Artists with powerful, especially potent mental techniques that could allow him to achieve extraordinary misdirection-driven stealth, he had no idea whether he could penetrate all the security measures of the Panamic Martial Federation.

This was especially the case when he didn't have the time for extensive intelligence-gathering and planning for her assassination.

No matter how much he deployed his powerful thought, he was unable to come to a compromise that could allow him have his cake and eat it.

"…Damn!" He cursed. "I should have killed her as soon as I'd taken care of all of the important matters after returning home from the Beast Domain."

He deeply regretted not having killed her soon after he broke through to Master Realm, even if he wasn't sure about whether he could beat her at the time due to the fact that he was merely at the cusp of high-grade power while she was a full-fledged high-grade Master.

Master Deivon had needed to risk his life to stall her long enough for Rui to escape.

-



Chapter 2165  Mysterious Circumstances

2165  Mysterious Circumstances

However, now, he was confident he could deal with her in a one-on-one fight. He had achieved a truly remarkable degree of power within the Master Realm despite the fact that he had only spent four years or so in the Master Realm.

There weren't many Martial Artists in the Master Realm who were his equals. The only other strategic concerns he had were those of demonstrating all his trump cards before the war started.

After all, he hadn't forgotten that there were other concerns in the Panamic Martial Federation that he also had to deal with.

His father had warned him that the Panamic Martial Federation and the three Sage-level powerhouses in its midsts would use this opportunity to try and poke the secrets of the mass Apprentice breakthroughs out of him.

However, he had no intention of yielding any information. It also meant that he couldn't afford to focus on other things, such as Master Uma. His primary objective was returning from the Panamic Martial Federation with Sage Kole with him. Nôv(el)B\\jnn

Secondarily, his mission was to withstand the pressure he would experience from the Panamic Martial Federation without divulging any confidential intelligence. These two were far too important for him to focus on anything else at the moment. It was rather unfortunate that she reappeared before him at this particular point in time, throwing him off his game.

For now, however, it was best that he ignored her and moved on with his mission if he could. However, one thing that he didn't appreciate was that not only did she reappear before him, but she also was his combat threat evaluator. In other words, he couldn't ignore her; he would need to face her in combat and watch her pass judgment on him.

Rui returned to his housing quarters, displeased. He didn't care to explore the rest of the headquarters upon realizing who it housed. The context of this visit had entirely changed in his eyes. He wasn't even sure what she was doing here as a combat threat evaluator in the Panamic Martial Federation. After all, this was reserved for those who were employed by the Panamic Martial Federation for that role, and they wouldn't employ someone who was a part of the Virodhabhasa Theocracy.

In other words, she was most likely no longer a bishop in the religious organization at this point in time.

He found that rather strange.

She had always been a devout follower of the religion, burying herself in theology and remaining disconnected from the rest of the world.

Why had she decided to leave the theocracy and join the Panamic Martial Federation? As a secular organization, there was no doubt that it would not appeal to her as an organization very much.

Yet, not only had she joined the Federation, she had also gone as far as to leave West Panama and join the eastern headquarters of the Federation. That was even more suspicious. All these facts triggered Rui's alarm bells as he began pondering the possibilities as to why she was here.

He didn't like the inferences and conclusions that could be plausibly drawn from this. It almost made him want to leave the Federation and contact the Beggar's Sect to gather more intelligence. He was certain that there was something or the other that she was up to that he probably wouldn't like.

It would be prudent to get on top of that situation and get a good understanding of the circumstances that he was in. It would have been what he would normally do, retreat to get more information so that he could analyze his situation and make more informed decisions.

Yet, irrational as it was, the thought of 'running away' from her made him abandon such a course of action immediately, regardless of the merit in its logic.

"Tsk, this is messing with my head too much. I need to calm down and focus on the objectives and the missions," he reminded himself.

For now, everything was still on track.

He would complete the briefing and evaluation and then break the law, which would help him get in front of Sage Kole and compel her to join the Kandrian Empire. He had already modeled different directions the conversation could go and had prepared himself for all the broad scenarios that could unfold.

Everything was in place, and he just needed to not screw things up.

The day passed uneventfully as Rui immersed himself in thought. He grew wistful as he recollected how his desire for more power to protect himself from the likes of Chairman Deacon and Master Uma was responsible for helping him get to where he was. He used to be a lot more power-hungry than he was these days. Back then, he used to seek power itself, while these days, he essentially sought power to aid him in understanding who he was.

The latter was more pure, but the former was more visceral. The desperation for power that he had felt prior to his breakthrough into the Senior Realm against Ieyasu was a brief period of time where he had been most driven for power.

The more they thought about it, the more bloodlust of old emerged from deep within him. The fact that he had essentially blacked out a lot of old memories relating to her was an insult to his younger self.

He should have killed her the moment he broke through to the Master Realm. Yet, because the impact she had on him had waned in time and he was consumed by more important things like his identity crisis and the healing of his father, she essentially slipped into a pocket of unforgotten things.

No more.

"She should have never come before me ever again," Rui growled. Now, he wouldn't forget.

Now, he would one day find her and kill her, no matter what. He would make her pay for what she did to him, what she had forced him to go through.

-





Chapter 2166  The threat of Waning Dominance

2166  The threat of Waning Dominance

The Panamic Martial Federation had a powerful bureaucracy with many employees and staff members who were able to process the requirements, demands, needs, and desires of all Martial Artists within a short amount of time.

His briefing had already been rapidly processed after he arrived at the Panamic Martial Federation with all arrangements prepared at a rapid pace. Within a day, it was already time for his briefing as a Martial Master.

Previously, he had been deeply interested in what revelations the Panamic Martial Federation would show him. Now, however, only half of his attention was focused on it by the time he reached the venue designated for his briefing.

Master Gern, his assigned briefer, clearly noticed.

"Something ailing your mind, young Master?"

Rui stirred as his attention snapped back to reality, becoming conscious of his surroundings.

He was in an empty lecture hall, sitting in the first row. Before him was an elderly Martial Master with a deeply aged visage and a diminutive aura. He was clearly retired, no longer an active Martial Artist.

That didn't mean he couldn't fight, of course.

Age affected martial artists differently than normal humans.

The Martial Body was designed to minimize any loss of physicality to age, allowing Martial Artists to remain combat-worthy even if they were the effective equivalent of a ninety-year-old.

"Ah…" Rui shook his head apologetically with a melancholic smile. "I've been a little…consumed. However, I apologize, please begin."

"Mmm," the elderly man regarded Rui with a warm smile. "You are the equivalent of a young man, it would not do for you to be so worn down with mental burdens. Leave that for old men like myself. Hoho."

"Thank you, elder."

"Young Martial Artists should pour their all into pursuing their Martial Paths while they can," he advised with a knowing tone while he fiddled with the projector stand, preparing for the briefing. "Your youth won't last forever, so you better hope you can fulfill the desire or objective that server as your Martial Drive. Though, in your case…"

His eyes shifted towards Rui with a knowing gaze. "…I suppose your youth will last for far longer than it will for your peers."

"…Perhaps, but my Martial Drive isn't easy to fulfill. Even with such an advantage, I cannot be certain whether I will achieve my goal."

"Ambitious, indeed," the elder Master mused. "We are ready. Now, I shall commence the briefing, if you are willing to go through with it. We can reschedule it for later if you so wish."

"No, let us go through it now," Rui shook his head. "I do not wish to delay it any further. However, this does seem more informal and less serious than I expected it to be."

The elder Martial Master laughed aloud at his words. "Ah, informal perhaps; after all, I have given this briefing many a time to many a Master. But less serious…?"

His eyes narrowed as his demeanor grew more severe. "…I'm afraid not."

Rui regarded him with intrigue as the man began.

"The Age of Martial Art gives many a Martial Artist the illusion that Martial Art is invincible, that it will always be invincible. That it cannot be challenged and suppressed by those that seem to infringe on it." He began. "After all, even the most potent of esoteric technology seems to be unable to overcome its equivalents as much as merely deter them. Furthermore, beasts and monsters seem clearly to be far weaker than Martial Artists as individual combat assets. After all, it takes many a Master-level beast to stalemate a single Martial Master due to how effective at combat our entire existence it geared to be."

"…" Rui waited for the inevitable 'but' that was coming. And it certainly came.

"But what if I told you that much of this is merely an illusion?" His tone grew a tad more macabre as he plainly denied the truth of his prior statements. "What if I told you that Martial Art's position in this world is…fragile?" n/ô/vel/b//jn dot c//om

Rui listened to him patiently, waiting for him to continue.

These concepts weren't exactly new to Rui, although for particularly unique reasons. His concerns stemmed from the sheer amount of power that esoteric and non-esoteric science could yield if combined. He truly didn't know whether Martial Artists would be able to cope with such a rapid spike in power.

"The fragility of Martial Art was not something that did not exist for most of the Age of Martial Art," the man remarked. "It was only realized after the Transcendent Realm was discovered and reached. The fact that Martial Transcendents are simply not assets of the Martial World means that Martial Art cannot achieve the rapid growth that it once did with spikes in power upon the discovery of a new Realm, which is one of the reasons that Martial Art has outpaced the development esoteric military technology. However…"

His expression grew more serious. "…the Transcendent Realm has eliminated that cause for growth. Every time a Martial Transcendent is born, a Martial Sage is merely lost. This is a limit that affects not just Martial Art, but also all of human civilization. In the political sphere, this phenomenon is referred to as the Great Limit."

Rui narrowed his eyes. "The Great Limit?"

The elder man nodded. "However, the Great Limit is only a limit for growth driven by Martial Art. It doesn't apply to the rise in power due to esoteric technology. In other words, if esoteric technology continues the trends of history and continues growing stronger and stronger while Martial Art stagnates, it may…surpass the latter."

Rui fell into thought at the man's words. "I suppose it's not absolutely impossible, but…"

His gaze returned to his briefer. "…Esoteric technology has massive resource limits that Martial Art doesn't. One of the reasons that it was able to grow as fast as it could was because Martial Artists were able to drive up the supply of precious resources. In other words, a constraint that impacts the growth of esoteric technology is Martial Art."

-





Chapter 2167  Demanding Request

2167  Demanding Request

While the well-meaning elderly Master intended to merely break any arrogance that Rui might have had in Martial Arts and make him cautious about the adversities that Martial Art faced, he was taken aback by how well Rui was well-versed in the power dynamics of human civilization.

However, Rui knew had a point.

While the growth of Martial Art had accelerated in the Age of Martial Art, the growth esoteric technology had also sped up due to the fact that Martial Artists were able to overcome many dangers to extract and retrieve powerful esoteric resources that served as one of the reasons that esoteric military technology grew. Nôv(el)B\\jnn

In other words, if Martial Art stalled, then that was reason to believe that esoteric technology would stall too.

"Your profile did not lie when it said that you possess insight far surpassing your years and experience," the elderly Master admitted. "However, you still underestimate esoteric technology. While it is true that Martial Art has driven its growth, it is also true that it drives growth in Martial Art. After all, I'm sure I don't need to remind you that the Squire Realm is an artificial Realm. A human construct. A product of technology."

Rui stirred at the elder Master's words.

It was certainly true that while all realms that succeeded it were natural, the Squire Realm was definitely an artificial Realm that heavily depended on esoteric technology. The quality of the Squire evolution breakthrough process was responsible for the innate power of not just the Squire Realm, but also that of the Senior Realm. After all, the Martial Heart was directly proportional to the Martial Body.

In addition, one thing that he didn't mention was growth and training resources that also improved the rate of growth of Martial Art.

"However, while Martial Art has hit a potential cap, esoteric technology does not have such a limit on its potential," Master Gern warned. "This matters because many nations and rulers around the world have realized that Martial Art has plateaued and will not experience the massive spikes in growth that it used to, and this has already begun reflecting."

Rui raised an eyebrow. "…What do you mean?"

Master Gern's expression grew even more severe. "Human civilization has ceased investing in Martial Art as it did before the advent of Transcendence. Humanity is slowly realizing that the future of power will not lie in the limits of Martial Art, but in the untapped potential of esoteric technology."

Rui's eyes sharpened at those words. "I don't think I've ever heard of such a thing."

The elder Master shook his head. "It happens beyond our sphere. It happens when nations invest capital that used to go to Martial Art has now been diverted to esoteric military technology. It happens when the first Sage-level powerhouse that does not rely on Martial Art comes into existence after the Transcendent Realm was discovered."

Rui's eyes widened as he understood what the Master was referring to. "…Esocline Federation."

Master Gern nodded gravely. "The youngest and arguably weakest Sage-level powerhouse. However, the fact that exists, at all, a Sage-level powerhouse that primarily depends on state-of-the-art esoteric military technology, led by the Esoterist, is an absolutely unprecedented phenomenon. In the past, there were no powerhouse nations that didn't depend on Martial Art. When the Squire, Senior, Master, and Sage Realms were once the highest Realms, it was impossible for a powerhouse not to rely on Martial Arts."

Rui understood what the elder Master was conveying.

The fact that a powerhouse independent of Martial power had emerged after the discovery of Transcendent Realm showed that the Transcendent Realm had not stalled but also weakened Martial Art to the point that a powerhouse depending purely or mostly on technology had emerged for the very first time!

"What if more powerhouses relying on technology emerge?" It was a simple question, yet one that Rui had never considered.

He had always known of the existence of Esocline Federation. They had been the power that had supplied the Kaddar Treaty Association with the weapon that stabilized the floating Ajanta Island, allowing them to wage war with the Floating Sect.

In addition, Master Deivon had also talked to Rui about them and their partnership with the Virodhabhasa Theocracy.

However, he didn't understand the contextual significance of what a technological Sage-level powerhouse represented. It represented a shift in power dynamics. Before, the gap between Martial Art and esoteric technology was large enough that the latter was not the former's equal. Now, however, esoteric technology had caught up to allow for the birth of the first Sage-level powerhouse.

"It's all because Transcendents are non-assets." Master Gern's voice grew bolder. "Had they exercised their unfathomable power, the gap between Martial Art and esoteric technology would have only grown, yet, because they do not move, they have instead weakened the state of Martial Art."

It was an extremely controversial statement to make in the halls of a Martialocratic organization like the Panamic Martial Federation. Martial Transcendents were gods in human form that were to be revered, not chastised.

Yet, it appeared that Master Gern harbored no such feeling towards them.

"What Martial Art needs is a new path to power as a whole," he continued. "The Transcendent Realm is not worth pursuing, we need something that will empower Martial Art as powerfully as a new Realm of power would. If the Realm of Martial Artists cannot improve, then the quantity of Martial Artists must increase."

Rui narrowed his eyes as he felt a piercing gaze from Master Gern. He stared at Rui with a knowing glint in his eyes.

"For the sake of Martial Art, you must surrender everything you know about the mass Apprentice breakthroughs, young Master," Master Gern insisted. "I have been authorized by the Panamic Martial Federation to offer you anything you desire in return. As the greatest organization of Martial Art in the entire world, there is no greater boon a Martial Artist can possibly seek. Now then, bestow upon us the key to the future of unparalleled glory for all of Martial Art!"

-





Chapter 2168  A Shocking Revelation

2168  A Shocking Revelation

Rui knew that it would come down to this.

He had a sneaking suspicion that the old man was going down this line of reasoning when he began talking about a numeric advantage.

"I do not possess any knowledge of what you seek, elder Master," Rui narrowed his eyes. "Please continue with the briefing."

The old man didn't believe Rui for a bit.

Rui possessed immense power in the Kandrian Empire until relatively recently. It was extremely difficult for anybody to believe that he had absolutely no idea as to what the manner through which mass Martial Artists were created, was.

And his suspicions were correct.

However, not for reasons that he thought they were.

After all, he didn't just know what was responsible for the breakthroughs to the Apprentice Realm; he was the cause of all these breakthroughs.

If he wasn't, then there was a good chance that he would genuinely be ignorant of what the cause of the mass breakthroughs were. After all, he had genuinely distanced himself from the affairs of the Kandrian Empire after handing his father the power that he once had.

There would be absolutely no avenue for him to know what his father was planning. A good example of this was when the entire Underworld in the Kandrian Empire was uprooted and he had absolutely no idea ahead of time, in time and even well after time.

In the case of treasures of the Kandrian Empire that would be used to elevate them, he knew all about them only because he was the one who brought them to the nation in the first place.

" Are you more loyal to your father than Martial Art, Master Rui?" the elder man raised an eyebrow. "Why do you hide such a precious miracle from us; the greatest purveyors of Martial Art in the Age of Martial Art?"

Rui narrowed his eyes but did not answer.

If he engaged with the question, he would implicitly be conveying that he did indeed know the secret behind the breakthroughs. He did not want to cede that ground as that would make refusal much more difficult and consequential.

"Perhaps you didn't hear the first time," Rui coldly remarked. "I do not have what you seek."

"…" The man simply stared at Rui silently for a moment. "I told you that I have been authorized to give you anything you desire. Training resources, resources that may be able to aid your journey to the Sage Realm, more life-prolonging potions. Anything you desire. Anything at all."

The fact that the man did not mention things like land, wealth, and political power was proof that the Panamic Martial Federation had a good understanding of what were effective bargaining chips when negotiating with Rui and what weren't.

Rui had never cared for these things. As a Martial Master, he could easily raise his own nation if he truly wanted. Hell, if any of those things truly mattered, he would have just ascended the throne of one of the most powerful empires in the entirety of the Panama Continent.

The Panamic Martial Federation possessed enough intelligence of him to know that these were non-starters.

In other words, they needed to lay down the precise kind of carrot that Rui cared about.

Rui had to admit that the mention of resources that could help him to Sage Realm was something that was deeply attractive to him.

The Kandrian Empire did not possess such resources in stock at the moment.

However, he could infer that such resources did exist.

After all, he recalled how Master Deivon had been aiming for a resource that he called the 'Soul Mirror Pill.'

It didn't take a genius figure what the resource was meant for. It clearly aided with the discovery of the Martial Soul and was something that even Masters seemingly needed to compete for to get their hands on.

In other words, it was a resource that was highly in demand even among Masters and had a very low supply.

It was deeply tempting. However, he was not about to yield so easily. The reason that he couldn't was because the only way he could redeem such a resource from the Panamic Martial Federation with what they wanted was spending most of his days breaking through many Martial Apprentices.

Breaking through thousands of Apprentices every day was more valuable than any service he could provide as a Martial Master. While he could resist political pressure within the Kandrian Empire, he could not resist pressure from the Panamic Martial Federation and the entire Martial World.

If he did accept such an offer, he would be doomed to spend his days triggering breakthroughs for the Panamic Martial Federation.

No resource was worth losing his freedom in such a manner.

"For the last time, I do not have what you're looking for," Rui's voice was ice cold. "Do not pressure me any more, I do not mind ending this right here and now should you make that request one more time."

The man heaved a tired sigh. "Why do you protect the secret from other Martial Artists even when we offer to compensate you extraordinarily well? Is it your father? Are you loyal to the Emperor of Harmony?"

He was actually being incredibly loyal to himself, but he naturally didn't inform the man about that.

However, what he heard next shocked him.

"Why be loyal to a human emperor that once sought the means to genocide our kind?"

His tone was grave while his gaze grew more severe.

The air grew frosty as he allowed his words to sink in.

Unfortunately, he didn't get the reaction he sought.

Rui's composure held strong as he didn't so much as twitch. Yet, inwardly, he was stunned by the man's words that struck him like a sledgehammer. n/ô/vel/b//jn dot c//om

However, his eyes couldn't help but widen as a quick inspection of the man's mind revealed a genuine sincerity in his words.

"…what did you say?" Rui's eyes narrowed. The elderly Master smelled an opportunity to crack through Rui's reluctance.

"Your father, the Emperor of Harmony, once harbored the desire to wipe out all Martial Artists," Master Gern capitalized on the opening. "Come, allow me to tell you the tale of the Emperor of Harmony before he ascended the throne."

-





Chapter 2169  High Principles



For a moment, Rui couldn't believe it.

His father had been the Emperor of Harmony for as long as he could remember. A man who unified opposing forces together in a powerful harmony that elevated the nation to greater heights. The Kandrian Empire had been on the brink of civil war when the kingdom had been in the hands of his father, the first emperor.

Yet, in order to stop the worst from unfolding, he assassinated Emperor Ra and ascended the throne, bringing three centuries of prosperity and glory to the Kandrian Empire.

Rui was supposed to believe this man had sought the means to genocide countless Martial Artists?

Then again… Rui knew very little about his father from before he ascended the throne. And that was precisely what Master Gern insisted hid some dark truths.

"It was a long time ago, however, the Emperor of Harmony once sought the means to genocide Martial Artists, or at least all Martial Artists above the Apprentice Realm," the elder Master remarked with a macabre tone. "However, while he didn't succeed, he got scarily close."

"Before you continue with vague nonsense…" Rui narrowed his eyes. "…I want to know why, and I want to know how."

Rui didn't believe that his father would ever have such a desire without reason. Hell, he wasn't even sure how true this actually was. After all, his mind sense merely told him about how the man felt and whether he was being deceptive or not. It did not tell him whether a given statement was true or not, only whether the man genuinely believed it was true or not.

However, he was nonetheless willing to hear the man out, even if he knew that he was just trying to manipulate him.

"Why, you ask?" The man raised an eyebrow. "Well, that's obvious. Why did any aspiring emperor of that era seek to genocide Martial Artists?"

The man's eyes narrowed as his expression grew more grave. "Because they feared us. They feared us and feared the fact that they could not control us. As power-hungry as Martial Artists can be, at the very least, our power does not come at the cost of the freedom of others. Humans, on the other hand… The only way these lesser beings can have more power than us is in a system that gives them control over Martial Artists."

Rui simply stared at him with a blank expression, not betraying his inner thoughts.

However, inwardly he had fallen into thought.

Was his father no different from other rulers of human civilization in that he, too, wanted to control other Martial Artists?

Rui found it difficult to believe because it was precisely this desire that caused the civil war between Martial Artists and the pre-established powers of humanity. His father had completely avoided it altogether and used the fact that the Kandrian Empire was not burdened by civil war to rise far above its contemporaries that were devastated by the Martial Revolution.

Even if his father had once been no different from the others, he certainly had changed by the time he ascended the throne.

In other words, whatever this elderly Master was trying to indoctrinate him into was from so long ago that it had absolutely no relevance in the modern era. It certainly had no relevance in trying to convince Rui to divulge the truth about the mass Apprentice breakthroughs.

In other words, it was just a desperate attempt to shock Rui with some unexpected information.

Unfortunately for him, Rui had no intention of falling for it. He made that clear with his aloof attitude.

Seeing that, even the elderly Master had no choice but to give up.

"It is rather unfortunate that I have been unable to convince you to side with the Panamic Martial Federation," he muttered with a regretful tone. "I hope that you will eventually reconsider. For now, let's proceed with the briefing."

He continued as he touched on various sets of topics. The peril of overusing the Martial Mind.

How to manage one's sleep schedule to minimize the disruptions caused by the sleep needed to recuperate from the use of the Martial Mind.

The tilt to psychopathy was something that the elderly Master touched upon as well.

Much of what he told him, Rui already knew due to figuring the details out himself or thanks to his powerful and well-informed contacts.

However, even he learned new things.

"High principles…?" Rui raised an eyebrow.

"That's right." The elderly Master nodded. "Martial Masters are qualified to work with high principles of reality; although it's very difficult, it can yield great results if mastered." Nôv(el)B\\jnn

"What do you mean precisely?" Rui raised an eyebrow.

"Oh, come now, Master Rui." Master Gern chuckled. "I have heard that you approached tapping into high principles even before reaching the Master Realm. These are principles that tap into the fundamental mechanics of reality. I'm sure that you've run into them in your pursuits of greater experience."

Rui understood what he was referring to.

"The power of high principles is something that you're already familiar with," the man continued. "…However, what I'm sure you aren't familiar with is the fact that they can be harnessed to a remarkably high degree within the Master Realm. For example…"

He put his hands up as he activated his Martial Heart and Mind, receiving a surge of power that flushed through him.

Yet, it was what followed that stunned Rui.

THMOOOM…

Rui's eyes widened as a glowing ball of light appeared in his hands, crackling with energy and sparks.

Instantly, he recognized what he was looking at.

"Plasma…!" There was no doubt in Rui's mind that he was looking at the fourth state of matter.

"Materia has deep energy hidden within it, as do the heaven and earth," Master Gern remarked with a knowing tone. "This is a seldom seen form of materia that cannot be produced by Martial Artists of the Lower Realm. It is quite difficult to create and manipulate, but is extremely lethal in combat."

-



