Chapter 2230  The Greatest Secret



Sage Glacken, the Mountain of Fortitude, couldn't help but smile at the Sage Sarak's words, turning to a man with long flowing hair, donning the military attire of the Royal Navy.

Sage Siliken, the Eastern Shield of the Royal Navy.

"They don't know yet, do they?" Sage Glacken chuckled to his peer.

Sage Siliken smiled. "It appears not."

Sage Sarak narrowed his eyes as he gazed at the five Kandrian Martial Sages with a peculiar gaze. n/ô/vel/b//in dot c//om

He didn't understand why they were so nonchalant deploying the five of them here.

He knew a good chunk of the sixteen Martial Sages of the Kandrian Empire were in the Beast Domain, leaving only eleven behind.

If nine of them went to confront the nine Sekigaharan Sages from the east, then it meant that they would only have two more left.

That was why the Sekigahara Confederate deployed just to be safe.

Yet, he was confronted with five.

That meant that they had only deployed six against the nine incoming Martial Sages?

That was hard to believe.

They had not engaged in any communication since they commenced their operation since Martial Sage could detect the invisible means of communication quite clearly, something that would sabotage their covert approach.

That was why they could not be sure what was happening on the eastern war front. However, it wasn't hard for them to come up with an educated guess as to what had happened.

"I see," Sage Yuu began with an erudite tone. "That report about the lot of you being in the Beast Domain was faulty intel. Damn Nindo Clan."

"Heh, give your little spooks some credit," the Hugging Hegemon grinned like a demon. "The intelligence was completely accurate, you see. It is indeed true that many of our colleagues are in the Beast Domain."

Sage Saren gritted her teeth. "That's impossible. Even if you deployed the Devil, there's no way six Martial Sages could possibly fight off those nine, not with Shinken amongst their ranks."

"Who said there were six of them, you stupid bastard?" the Hugging Hegemon's smile grew wider as she enjoyed toying with her opponents before killing them.

The confusion on their faces only grew as they struggled to understand what was happening.

"Wait…" Sage Sarak's eyes widened. "I figured it out!"

Sage Glacken's eyes narrowed. "You did, did you? Then we'll have to kill you to protect our secret."

The air grew heavier as tension between the eight Martial Sages grew.

Heaven and earth strained as the weight that they exerted on them only rose, straining the very foundations of the world.

The other two Martial Sages gazed at Sage Sarak with solemn expressions. "Quick, tell us, what insights have you gleaned?"

"Kill him before he can speak!" Sage Glacken roared.

Alas, it was too late.

"These bastards," Sage Sarak gritted his teeth. "They didn't just figure out how to trigger the Apprentice breakthrough. They also figured out how to break Masters through to the Sage Realm! That's why they can afford to send five Sages here while nine Sages attack them from the East." Suddenly, the five Martial Sages of the Kandrian Empire paused, stopping in their tracks.

"…"

"Look at their reactions!" Sage Yuu gasped. "You must be completely correct!"

"Good going, Sarak," Sage Saren smiled at him. "You are truly a genius!"

"Hehehe, what can I say? Sometimes, my deductive ability scares even me. Only I am a match for the Emperor of Harmony and Prime Minister of Britannia."

The five Martial Sages silently watched three idiots from the Sekigahara Confederate pat each other on the back as Sage Sarak rubbed his nose bashfully.

In reality, despite waging war the most, the Sekigahara Confederate was the worst at military strategy and tactics. The reason was simple.

It was because Martial Artists were in charge of military and Martial operations.

Thus, while on an individual level, their Martial Artists were known to be the strongest and best at war, as a nation, they were incompetent, for their generals were the likes of Sage Sarak and the other Martial Sages of the nation.

So much so that Sekigahara Confederate was the strongest argument used against Martial Supremacy. Martial Artists could not be allowed to be in solely charge of military operations and war. "Hm?" He raised an eyebrow at the sight of the Kandrian Martial Sages simply staring at him. "What's with that reaction? Could it be that my genius deduction was actually wrong?"

They simply stared at him. "…"

"K-Kill him!" Sage Glacken roared. "We cannot afford to let these three get away alive now that they have learned of our greatest secret!"

Thankfully, the other four caught on to his plan quickly.

In war, faulty intelligence was a blunder.

If they were led to believe some seriously flawed beliefs about the Kandrian Empire, then there was a good chance it would come to bite them in the ass in the future.

"Kill them!"

"We cannot let them get away alive!"

"The secret must be kept safe."

The three Martial Sages of the Sekigahara Confederate grew deeply grave at the weight of the burden that they were carrying.

They were the only ones outside of the Kandrian Empire who knew of the extraordinary secret of their enemies.

If they were to die here, then they would be unable to convey this deeply important to their peers.

At that moment, they felt a deep responsibility to get away and return to the Kandrian Empire alive.

"We need to live." Sage Sarak's tone grew dramatic and profound. "We need to live for the sake of the war. We cannot afford to be done in here."

The other two nodded with severity. "We must tell the Sekigahara Confederate about this extraordinary secret."

"Life isn't easy," Sage Sarak smiled. "However, that is precisely why it is worth living. Come, my brother and sister. We shall overcome this hurdle and return home."

The two of them nodded. "Together."

The three darted off from the bloodlusted Martial Sages of the Kandrian Empire, who sought to silence them.

-



Chapter 2231: Revelations and Unfoldings

﻿

Rui and his opponent fell to one knee as they recuperated from the devastating attacks that they landed on each other.

Rui ravaged her abdomen with a single Yin-Yang Spear. The potent grade-ten technique had shattered her ribs like twigs, leaving her unable to move her upper body very well while her broken ribcage pierced her lunges and other tissue, causing internal hemorrhaging.

On the other hand, Rui bled profusely on the outside through a gash that dug inches deep into his abdomen.

The wound had extended to multiple vitals, truly incapacitating him from moving. Furthermore, he had lost a large amount of blood, bringing him to the brink of losing consciousness.

A critical wound, one that would kill most Martial Artists.n/ô/vel/b//jn dot c//om

Not Rui, however.

He deactivated Neo Godspeed, activating Weaving Blood.

The wound began healing at remarkable speeds, yet not even.

Yet, Rui's expression grew severe.

Unlike Neo Godspeed, Weaving Blood was a technique whose consumption of power did not increase with time but with damage.

Healing critical wounds was no different from abusing Neo Godspeed for extended periods of time.

Furthermore, he had been fighting quite heavily in the war, having consumed an immense amount of stamina. He abused his domains and the Yin-Yang Spear many times, both of which were quite energy-draining.

'... Once this wound is healed, I probably can't use the Metabody System anymore.' His eyes sharpened. "Guess I'll have to defeat you regardless."

His opponent smiled when she heard those words as she slowly recovered from her wounds. "I must admit, you have surpassed my highest expectations of you. I truly did not expect you to be able to fight me off to this extent at the meager age of forty-one. Your talent is... envious. It makes me wonder what was even the point of all those decades I dedicated my everything to reaching the pinnacle of swordsmanship."

Her eyes darkened as they both slowly recovered from their grave wounds.

She closed her eyes. "I, too, was once called a genius. However, in comparison to you, I may as well be ordinary."

He simply met her gaze silently.

"This feeling..." she whispered. "You're the second person to make me feel this way."

Rui's eyes narrowed his words.

"You're the second person with gifts so absurd that the very concept of talent becomes meaningless." Her tone grew resentful. "Your unfathomable potential. Your rate of growth. Even the color of your hair and eyes. It reminds me of him."

Her grip over her sword tightened as she gritted her teeth.

Her tone grew ominous. "He mastered my own sword style to a realm of perfection higher than I could ever even dream of reaching, and then..."

Rui's eyes widened with shock. "Wait..."

"...And then, he tossed it away like a piece of garbage." Her eyes flared with rage, and her gaze shifted to Rui. "He said he didn't need it. That it was too weak to be of any of use to him."

Her eyes deepened with hatred as she stood up. "Tsk, you made me remember some deeply unpleasant memories."

Rui stood up once his wound and blood were completely regenerated as he gazed at her with a severe expression. "That man you were talking about, is he—"

"Enough." She interrupted him with cold fury. "I do not wish to recollect any more. Prepare yourself; you will pay for the emotional damage that you have inflicted on me with your life!"

"Oh, come on!" Rui complained with indignation. "I just want to know if his name is-!"

RUMBLE!!

The two of them froze as immense seismic radiation roared in the land beneath them.

They could not help but direct their attention in the direction of its inception.

Their gaze shifted towards a tower.

A tower as wide as a mountain range.

It extended to the depths of the heavens.

Atop its surface, the most powerful Martial Masters fought a furious battle that would undoubtedly impact the end outcome of the Master-level battle. Master Satva had continued elevating their battle arena with his astronomical power, thinning the air even further, making it extremely difficult for Master Sera to maneuver in the air.

Yet, it didn't stop her from abusing her trash-talking system of thought.

"What's the matter?" Master Sera sneered. "All that shit-talk, and you still haven't killed me, old fart."

The Apostle of Gaia glowered with fury. "I'LL KILL YOU! I'LL KILL YOU IF IT'S THE LAST THING I DO!"

"Are you sure you don't want to kill yourself?" she asked with a warm smile and gentle tone. "If you kill yourself, you'll be one with your mother when I bury you. Doesn't that sound

wonderful?"

"ARRRGGHR!" He roared with frustration.

BOOOM BOOOM BOOOM!!

Devastatingly powerful attacks flew around in the air as Master Satva deployed the full extent of his immense power in abandon.

WHOOSH WHOOSH WHOOSH!

"Ahaha~" she danced around the heavens with a cheerful expression.

It was a facade.

Inwardly, she was quite tense.

Her movements grew slower and slower with each passing moment as he continued elevating the local region of land over which they fought. Due to the thinning air, each step she took

only offered so much speed, forcing to narrowly dodge each of his attacks.

In fact, if not for the highly irrational state of mind, she would have been caught by his net of attacks long ago, resulting in her defeat.

That was just how strong he was.

This was a man who had reached the peak of the Master Realm with his sheer power and

energy reserves.

He was not to be trifled with.

More so than she realized.

RUMBLE!!!

Chills crawled up her spine as the entire tower and all the land below it shook. Her expression grew grave as she felt an unfathomable amount of power building up in the tower, and it

began glowing across its entire body.

Glowing from the sheer amount of white-hot lava contained in the entire structure.

"Hehehe," A gruesome grin appeared on Master Satva's face. "I have to admit you got me. I

have never lost this much control over myself in my entire life. But, did you really think it would be that easy to defeat me?"

His eyes flared with even greater fury. "I'M THE APOSTLE OF GAIA, WENCH! NOW, FACE MY

GREATEST ATTACK!"

His rage grew with his power.

"GRAND TERRANOVA FLARE!"

BOOOOOOOOOM!!



Chapter 2232  The Tree of Healing



Sage Kole gritted her teeth as she protected the Kandrian Empire from countless attacks across the span of her battle. BOOOM BOOOM BOOOM!

One after another, she chopped down the incoming attacks with her technique, ensuring not a single one of them reached her new home. Yet, her Divine Inferno Fist was taxing as it was powerful.

It was not something that could be maintained forever.

On top of that—

STEP

With each attack, she found herself moving closer towards the Kandrian Empire, unable to keep her opponent at the same distance.

BOOOOOM!!!

"Rgh…!" She grimaced as she suffered a wound from a sneaky attack while she was chopping down her opponent's attacks.

"Hahaha!" Sage Senpu laughed at her plight. "What's the matter? Can't even protect yourself from a single attack?"

She glared at him with cold fury.

"Hehehe…" Sage Senpu grinned. Yet, inwardly, he was rather tense about the situation that he was in.

For one, the appearance of seven new Sages was still an enormously complicated variable that completely threw their operations for a loop. Ideally, he would just retreat in the face of such an enormous deviation from the expectations that the entire operation was founded on.

However, if he retreated before the Masters did, then they were as good as dead. Thus, he needed to wait until the Masters were done with their battle. The most frustrating part was that he had no way of contacting any of the Masters via remote communication so long as he was facing Martial Sages. The sheer amount of energy that they outputted jammed all remote communication, offering far too much interference for him to inform the Masters of the dire need to retreat as soon as possible.

Thus, he needed to wait for the Masters of the Sekigahara Confederate to hopefully retreat of their volition.

Until then, he and his peers had no choice but to keep the Martial Sages of the Kandrian Empire preoccupied. They continuously fought to threaten the Kandrian Empire with attacks after attacks, forcing their opponents to push themselves to ensure not a single attack reached their home.

It was highly risky, of course.

If an attack did get through, the Sekigaharan Sages were screwed.

After all, there would be good chance that they would violate the genocide law of the Panamic Martial Federation. Although, that wasn't a guarantee due to how absolutely gigantic the Kandrian Empire was with its vast amounts of empty space. Not to mention, the citizens in the Kandrian Empire had been evacuated, which would also reduce civilian casualties.

However, he knew that there was no way in hell that any of the Martial Sages of the Kandrian Empire would ever let an attack go through with intentions of using it to hurt the Sekigahara Confederate.

Looking into Sage Kole's eyes, he was relatively certain that she would rather die than let any harm befall the Kandrian Empire. Most of the Martial Sages of the Kandrian Empire were also of a similar mindset.

BOOOM BOOOM BOOOM!!!

"Rgh…!" Sage Kole strained herself as she blasted away three more attacks in rapid succession. "Damn you…!"

"Hahaha! Oops, there goes another one!" Sage Senpu laughed cruelly. "You're doing a great job protecting the Empire thus far, I must say. However, I can't help but wonder how long you can last protecting the Kandrian Empire from my wrath all alone, hm?"

"She's not alone." A raspy whisper rang in his ears as chills went up his spine. Sage Senpu immediately surged to leap away, yet it was too late.

SPLAT!!

"Rgh…!" Sage Senpu gritted his teeth with a pained expression as he lost a whole arm. "Damned assassin."

He gazed at the Whispering Widower with a hateful expression, panting heavily. Nôv(el)B\\jnn

Yet, the threat was behind him.

"You…" Sage Kole's voice quaked with fury. "You dare harm the home that I swore to protect."

"Hah!" Sage Senpu scoffed with derision. "Don't be such a drama queen. You've only been here for like, what, three months?"

Unfortunately, words weren't able to stall her rage at everything he had put her through.

BOOOM!!!

"ARRRRGHH!!!" Sage Senpu shrieked with pain as Sage Kole blasted him with her Divine Inferno Fist.

This time, it wasn't going to be over with a simple graze. The quark-gluon plasma didn't just ignite his body, it wounded his body on a sub-atomic level. Sage Senpu gritted his teeth as he warped the fabric of space in a vain attempt to redirect the immense materia prima that her flame were generating away from him.

"Don't kill him." Sage Lemolen's raspy voice was stern. "If that had been the objective, I would have taken his heart instead of his arm. Rael wants him and the four other captured Sages alive as bargaining chips. We will have Farana incapacitate them for safety."

Sage Kole paused when Sage Lemolen mentioned her liege's will. She had no intention of defying the will of the Emperor of Harmony, even if she was itching to kill the obnoxious Sekigaharan Sage.

"Ah, you should have killed me when you had the chance."

BOOOOOM BOOOOOM!!!

The Kandrian Martial Sages shielded themselves with shock as they were batted away by a powerful attack. Yet, their eyes widened when they saw that both his critical wounds had been completely healed.

"What…?" Sage Lemolen whispered with incredulity. "Impossible!"

He had known Sage Senpu for a long time and never had the man ever demonstrated such extraordinary healing powers!

In the first place, only healing specialists could accomplish such a feat, and it was usually because they had sacrificed all other parameters of their Martial Body for maximum healing power.

In other words, it was not something someone like Sage Senpu should have been capable of.

"How…?" Sage Kole stared at him, stunned.

"Hehehe, come now." Sage Senpu chuckled. "Just about every Sage-level powerhouse has one, you know?"

His grin widened. "A national treasure resource, that is."

Sage Lemolen grew grim. "The Tree of Healings?"

The Tree of Healing was an esoteric fauna lifeform that occasionally bore fruits that gave those who consumed them extreme healing and regeneration powers for a temporary period

Including Martial Sages.

It was a legacy treasure of the Sekigahara Confederate, just as the Topaz of Time was for the Kandrian Empire.

"We all consumed one before coming here, just in case." Sage Senpu grinned. "Too bad, so sad. You're not going to be doing any capturing today, I'm afraid."

-



Chapter 2233  Operation Clean-Up



BOOOOOOOOOM!!

All Martial Masters took cover on their own sides, breaking up their battles as the Apostle of Gaia unleashed his greatest attack.

What ensued was as horrifying as it was beautiful.

An enormous lava blast of unprecedented magnitude emerged from atop the giant tower formed by the Apostle of Gaia, continuously elevating the height of the battlefield with the Harbinger.

The sheer scale of the attack seemed to blot out the sky.

A fountain of white-hot lava blasted straight up with an incredible amount of power in ways that none of them could have thought possible in the Master Realm. Rui leaped away towards the Kandrian Empire while his opponent leaped away in the opposite direction.

They exchanged glances as they realized they most likely would not be able to end their battle decisively as their Martial Minds were close to depleted. The battle had been going on for quite some time now, and had increased in intensity and effort.

"Next time, I will win," she declared with a fearsome glare. "I am Inyen Iaiashin of the Iaiashin Clan. Remember that name."

WHOOSH She leaped away, taking cover as the enormous tsunami of lava finally descended upon the world.

"Tsk." Rui fired several Mighty Roar Flash Blasts, one after another, towards the section of the lava wave that was primed to hit him.

BOOM BOOM BOOM BOOM BOOM!!

By the time the attack rained down, enormous holes were blasted in the wave front, harmlessly avoiding the Martial Masters of the Kandrian Empire.

Rui's gaze shifted back to the top of the tower with wariness and caution.

He didn't know what the state of the battle between the two powerhouse Masters was like, but there was no doubt that the final attack had pushed the battle one way or another.

The Masters of both nations stood poised as they waited for signs of the outcome of the state of the battle.

If Master Satva emerged victorious, it was possible for the Sekigaharan Masters to kill all the Kandrian Martial Masters with his support and then head to the Kandrian Empire without any hurdles. They needed to only consume some high-grade rejuvenation and healing potions. If the battle was still ongoing or, worst of all, if the Harbinger emerged victorious, then they would have no choice but to retreat and mark the operation a failure.

WHOOSH…

Their attention was drawn by a single flaming figure descending from atop the sky.

With one hand, she flipped the bird to the Sekigaharan Masters while her other hand held a severed head.

"No…!" "How can this be…!"

"He was invincible within the Master Realm…!"

Master Sera raised the severed head of the Apostle of Gaia by his hair, jiggling it slightly as she grinned with cruel vindiction. "What's the matter? Not going to avenge this land-humper and his mommy fetish?"

Rage and fury flashed in the eyes of the Sekigaharan while the Masters of the Kandrian Empire grew relieved.

The Harbinger had emerged victorious.

Even if barely.

Her condition was critical. The flames on her body finally died down, revealing her burned flesh.

Although she had managed to kill her opponent, she had also undoubtedly been caught in his attack, barely coming out alive.

Even then, she continued provoking the Sekigaharan Masters.

"I'm going to kill that bitch!"

"Attack!"

"Get her while she's injured!"

The Kandrian Masters, however, were closer.

WHOOSH!

They arrived to guard her.

"ENOUGH!" Master Inyen screamed at her fellow Sekigaharan Masters. "Enough. This operation has failed due to inaccurate and insufficient intelligence from the Nindo Clan. We must retreat. I refuse to commit suicide by continuing this battle any longer."

Her words managed to get through to the thick skulls of the Sekigaharan Confederate, as they halted their approach.

She didn't relent. "Our Martial Minds are almost entirely depleted. We need to get out of here before—!"

BOOOM!!!

They froze as a surge of powerful Senior-level auras emerged on the battlefield.

At its forefront was a quasi-Master-level aura with a source of physical power far exceeding anything any of them had ever felt.

A Martial Heart that shined like a supernova, blotting out all other Martial Hearts on the battlefield.

Rui grinned with recognition.

"Now then," the overpowering depths of the Gatekeeper's elderly voice echoed throughout the battlefield. "Operation Clean-up is to commence."

His eyes sparkled with power as the seemingly endless physical power within his body riled up.

Behind him, a gathering of the most powerful Martial Seniors of the Kandrian Empire activated their Martial Hearts as they prepared for pursuit and elimination. Kane drew his daggers with sharp eyes. Nel grinned maniacally as he fashioned his hands into makeshift claws, ready to tear apart at his prey like a wild animal.

Rui stared at them with shock as the peril they exuded pricked at his skin. He wasn't sure if he could handle them in his depleted and exhausted state.

And the same was true for their enemies.

The Masters of the Sekigahara Confederate grew grave as they immediately began retreating from the battlefield as fast as they could.

Alas, it wasn't fast enough.

BOOOM!!!

"AARARGH!!!" In the blink of an eye, the Gatekeeper's fist crushed an exhausted Martial Master under his fist.

"One down." The peril in his voice sent chills in his enemies as his gaze shifted to them. "Ninety-two more to go."

"RETREAT!" Master Inyen gritted her teeth as she drew her sword, defending herself from Kane's relentless swift attacks. "We'll be safe when we regroup with the Sages!" n/ô/vel/b//in dot c//om

This was why the Senior-level clean-up crew needed to hurry. They couldn't endlessly pursue the retreating Master-level force.

There weren't many of them either.

After all, even if the Sekigaharan Masters were extremely depleted, they would still instantly crush anyone lower than grade-fifteen of the Senior Realm. Thus, Kandria only afford to deploy its very finest to pursue and eliminate the Masters of the Sekigaharan Confederate.

And even then only the Gatekeeper was powerful enough to overpower them decisively.

"Hahaha…" Rui grinned as he watched his friends fight Martial Masters evenly and even dominantly, trimming down their stamina and numbers even more. They had grown absurdly stronger in the past half year, having spent all their time training in the manifold.

They had trained for seven years.

-



Chapter 2234  Progressed Friends



CLANG CLANG CLANG!!

Master Inyen gritted her teeth as she barely managed to fend off Kane's aggressive maneuvering and astronomical speed agility. She had trouble breathing at all, let alone activating any breathing techniques due to the broken ribs that she had gotten from her battle against Rui.

WHOOSH!

Her eyes widened as her blade sank into an empty image.

A feint.

Chills crawled up her spine as she recollected Rui using the exact same technique.

SPLAT!

"Rgh…!" She grimaced as an invisible blade carved up her flesh.

Kane rapidly shifted back and forth between speed and stealth mode, using his refined system of thought to estimate the most optimal timing to bring out the best of both. The rapid shift between speed and stealth made it difficult to get a feel for rhythm because Kane had developed alternate sets of attack patterns that were optimal for their respective modes.

He had developed it as a counter against Rui's VOID algorithm, seeking to curb the predictive model on him that Rui had refined over many years and even decades at this point. "But now he's seen it," Kane muttered with a tone of displeasure. "Ah, well."

Surviving came first.

He could not afford to hold back against a Martial Master no matter how exhausted she was.

And exhausted, she was. Her breathing was desperate, gasping for air like someone who had almost drowned. Her vision was starting to blur as her Martial Body was close to depleting both her conventional energy and the energy reserve of her Heart. If not for her dimming her Martial Mind so that she could operate with extraordinary efficiency with even that limited power, she would not have been able to keep up with Kane. Not just to keep up, but even to overwhelm.

SPLAT!

Kane's eyes widened as her Boomerang Blade inflicted a light gash on his abdomen.

"You…" Her eyes widened with rage. "...are not my equal."

SPLAT SPLAT!!

Faster than even he could fully react, another set of wounds appeared on his abdomen.

Her aura sharpened as she gathered her remaining energy, employing it to stabilize her condition.

"Know your place, little Senior."

Her words weren't merely an empty boast.

He could feel the difference in the weight of their existences.

The only reason that she hadn't erased his existence was because of her wounds and her deep exhaustion.

However, even under these circumstances, a Martial Senior fighting with an exceptionally high-grade Martial Master was no different from courting death. n/ô/vel/b//in dot c//om

"Heh." Kane smirked as entered speed mode, pushing Fulminata Godspeed to the very limit as he surged forward with the Martial Mind. Fulminata Godspeed had grown tremendously as Kane had integrated his first high principle to generate a stronger current without needing to rely on esoteric implants.

"You haven't seen anything yet." Kane surged with determination. "I'm going to beat you, and then I'm going to catch up with him."

In a different part of the battle, Nel grinned as he fought multiple Masters at once with a maniacal expression.

SPLAT SPLAT SPLAT!

His fingers dug into their flesh, piercing into them as though they were meat.

"Rgh…!" His opponent, a low-grade Master, grimaced. "You animal!"

BOOOM!!

Nel grinned as he blocked a heavy blow from his opponent, flying backwards.

"Is that…" His bloodlust flared. "…the best you can do?"

"Insolent!" one Master shrieked. "Just you wait. When I recover, I will hunt you! I will kill you for not knowing your place."

"Is that so?" Nel grinned. "Too bad you're going to die here today."

His Martial Heart shined with blinding brightness, crackling with immense power while the Martial Hearts of his opponents were so dim that one could miss them if one wasn't paying attention.

It was solely because of this massive difference that he could fight them head-on even as they retreated.

On top of that, Nel was as gifted in Body as Rui was gifted in mind. His Martial Heart had reached a level of power that was comparable to that of the Gatekeeper despite the fact that the latter had cultivated his body for five hundred years.

He had spent the past thirteen years, seven of which were in the manifold, training under the guidance of Sir Armstrong. He had wanted to do that ever since he had learned of the Gatekeeper's existence after Rui's duel with him many years ago.

"You have been blessed with a Body and physicality that greatly exceeds even mine, the Gatekeeper had told him. "However, while I can help you with the Body, I cannot help you reach the Master Realm. That is something that only you can do."

Funnily enough, Nel had indeed been working on a system of thought. Unlike his mentor, he wasn't content simply pursuing physical supremacy.

He was pursuing Martial supremacy.

He had gritted his teeth and began mastering Rui's voidlet techniques ever since they were created.

Even the highly basic and distilled thought techniques that were highly customizable to the point of being incomplete had been extremely difficult for him to master. Yet, it shortened a journey that would have taken decades otherwise.

But it helped him create his one and only system of thought.

"Should I fight…" His grin widened. "…or not?"

Answering that question was the sole purpose of his system of thought. It inputted data of some parameters and evaluated whether it was optimal to start or continue to fight or not fight.

Strangely enough, the system of thought seemed to give the same answer almost every single time.

"FIGHT IT IS!" He laughed with a maniacal innocence as he leaped at a large group of Masters retreating in the direction of the Sekigahara Confederate.

Even if they were deeply exhausted, attacking so many retreating Martial Masters was always a horrible choice. There was no way that a Martial Senior could fight so many Martial Masters at once!

Yet, he leaped into the fray nonetheless.

The desperate battle for survival cursed the Sekigaharan Masters as they retreated as fast as they could despite the fully rejuvenated Martial Seniors who sought to kill as many as they could.

-



Chapter 2235  Constrained Spectation



"They've grown a lot stronger," Rui murmured to himself as he watched from afar. "I guess they're really suited  to spending extended periods of time in the manifold."

Rui was envious of them.

He couldn't spend that much time isolated from the outer world.

He needed exposure as Adaptive Evolution was a reactive phenomena. He couldn't spend an eternity in there and emerge stronger than if he dedicated that time to exposing himself to things to adapt to.

Someone like Nel was particularly suited to grinding in the manifold.

However, the one whose growth impressed Rui the most was neither Kane nor Nel.

It was actually the one he expected the least amount of growth from.

"What has he been doing…?" Rui frowned as he studied the monster that was the  Gatekeeper.

BOOOM BOOOM BOOOM!!

"Argh…!"

"Run! He's too strong to face in our conditions!"

"He's stopping us from consuming our potions!"

He was a menace on the battlefield, wreaking havoc everywhere he went. n/o/vel/b//in dot c//om

"He hasn't experienced the most drastic growth, but how the hell is he still growing so much stronger at his age?!" Rui stared at him in shock.

Rate of growth declined when one was old and approaching the end of their lifespan. This should have been true for the Gatekeeper as well.

Yet it was as though the man had found a way to defy this trend.

"He's much stronger than when I fought him," Rui realized with a hint of wariness in his eyes. "Specifically, his Martial Body has."

Rui didn't understand.

"He'd been in a coma for about three years until the Divine Doctor healed him." Rui watched him mopped up Martial Masters one after another. "So, he should be weaker if anything."

Yet, he was undoubtedly much stronger, faster, and more durable than during his duel with Rui. Even if Rui considered the standard Martial Body boost that all Upper Realm Martial Masters had gotten from the Divine Doctor, the Gatekeeper's growth was too drastic. He had reached a stage of power that was comparable to his forbidden technique Ragnarok in his regular state.

Naturally, it begged the ensuing question.

"Could I have beaten him as he is now when I was Senior?" Rui clenched his fists.

In truth, he wasn't sure.

Even if he took him at his strongest, which was shortly before he battled the chimera in the Mellow Dungeon, it was not something that he was confident in saying he would win.

Suddenly, operation clean-up left his field of senses as they followed the retreating Sekigaharan Masters far away from the battlefield.

"Your Highness, where are you going?" Master Zentra noticed him leaping and heading in the direction of the Operation Clean-up. "You're exhausted."

"I'll consume a potion," Rui promised as he smiled with excitement at seeing his old friends fight. "Hell, maybe I can join them."

"You can't use your Martial Mind a second time." Master Zentra narrowed his eyes. "You'll die from a brain aneurysm or a seizure. Don't."

"I won't need to, I can just use my Heart and still dominate them after I consume a potion."

"You need sleep." Master Zentra refused to compromise. "You cannot stress your mind with more combat. Have you forgotten the drawbacks of the Martial Mind? Why do you think we are not also leaping into battle after consuming some potions? It's because we cannot afford to stress our minds and brains more than we already have. You cannot use your system of thought or hypnosis, Martial Mind or not, until you've fully rested."

Rui paused, turning back.

Behind him, the Masters of Kandria took several minutes of reprieve, consuming potions as they slowly recovered from the drawbacks of the battle.

The dead were covered with large cloths, due to be moved back to the Kandrian Empire where they would be given a glorious memorial dedicated for their sacrifices.

He heaved a sigh.

"Fine. I won't fight."

Master Zentra heaved a sigh. "Good, then let's—"

"But I will watch."

Rui took off, consuming a potion as he ran in pursuit of the squad.  A smile appeared on his face.

He couldn't wait to see what they would show him in this battle. He wanted to see the fruit of seven years of labor.

Meanwhile, Kane fought laboriously as he struggled to overwhelm the defenses of Master Inyen. He had to admit that her offensive lethality was so high that it served as a potent defense that deterred him from trying to attack her carelessly.

WHOOSH WHOOSH WHOOSH!

Kane evaded a series of her incredibly fast sword draws, avoiding her lethal piercing power.

Unlike Rui, Kane didn't need to predict her attacks to avoid them.

His reactions, reflexes, speed, and agility were far superior to that of Rui. He could evade her attacks with his innate abilities.

But with Fulminata Godspeed, it was almost easy, especially in her condition.

WHOOSH WHOOSH WHOOSH!

He weaved around her sword combinations as he surged to her back, trying to take her out where she was unarmed with some of his fastest attacks.

CLANG CLANG!

His eyes widened as her sword found itself blocking his blindingly fast dagger attacks faster than he even realized. SPLAT!

His expression grew alarmed as a superficial wound appeared on his neck.

She had swung her sword so fast that even he barely had time to react to her.

'…Is she growing stronger faster?' Kane narrowed his eyes as he took stock of the situation. Her eyes were fixed on him.

Yet, it was strange.

It was almost as though she was unconscious.

Her breathing grew calmer as her body grew more relaxed.

The sense of peril she gave off only grew more intense.

"Ah…" Kane's eyes lit up with realization. "She's… entered the flow state."

It was an elusive state of mind where the mind was free of all distractions and superfluous thought, focused on one and only one task or objective.

Kane narrowed his eyes as he grew wary.

Anybody in this state of mind was far stronger than they would otherwise be.

-



Chapter 2236  Poor Compatibility



He gazed at her warily as the pressure she exerted on him only grew by the second.

She was immersed in him.

In the person she had to kill.

He recognized her state of mind.

He had entered such a state himself several times in his life, fleeting and obscure as it was.

But it was especially familiar because Rui often voluntarily entered this state, usually before battles of great importance. He had done so before the most important battle that he had faced in the Senior Realm—his battle against the chimera.

That was why Kane knew that fighting carelessly was a blunder against this woman.

"Still…"

WHOOSH! In the blink of an eye, he had crossed the distance between them, reaching astronomical speeds. "…I'll win." His eyes flared with determination.

The very next moment, he came face to face with her blade, inches away from his eyes.

WHOOSH!

He ducked half a foot, surging forward as the blade passed above him.

Yet, just before he could dig his daggers into her gut—

WHOOSH!

He somersaulted away, evading an incredibly swift Boomerang Blade.

"Tsk." He sharpened his gaze. 'I would have lost my head if I continued with the attack. It's not just that she has a good system of thought. No, this woman…'

She had extraordinary instincts and intuition.

He could tell that she wasn't being extremely thoughtful in her actions. He had come to recognize how to spot an extremely thoughtful Martial Artist after all the decades he had known Rui.

'It's not going to be easy to crack her defenses, but maybe I don't need to.'

After all, she was itching to kill him first. n/ô/vel/b//in dot c//om

WHOOSH!

She surged forward, taking the offensive, ready to take him down as soon as possible.

"Silent Sword Style…" A faint whisper escaped her. "…Twelve-Strike Vortex."

WHOOSH WHOOSH WHOOSH!

Kane weaved and bounced about the storm of winds and sound that emerged from an extraordinarily swift set of sword swings.

"You…" Her eyes flared with bloodlust, "are transparent."

SPLAT SPLAT SPLAT!

His eyes widened as cuts appeared on his entire body.

"You cannot evade my blade."

WHOOSH!

He leaped out of the way, only to find that a rebounded swing had arrived at his location even before he had.

SPLAT!!

"Rgh…!" Kane grimaced as he leaped away with shock. He recognized the sensation he had just experienced.

It was similar to what he felt when trying to avoid Rui's strikes.

"Your system of thought… is predicting me?" He narrowed his eyes.

"I told you…" she murmured, almost in a trance. "You're transparent."

WHOOSH!

She appeared before him in the blink of an eye, having used her Sword Step technique to cross the distance between them at extraordinary speeds.

WHOOSH WHOOSH WHOOSH!

Kane narrowed his eyes as he sharpened his reflexes, pushing himself to the very limit.

Each time he evaded her attacks and surged for her throat, he would find himself inches away from her Boomerang Blade, forcing him to leap away with a dodge and to enter into a stronger state of Fulminata Godspeed.

His system of thought had led him to the conclusion that Void Step was highly sub-optimal against her.

She had a Martial Mind, dim and highly depleted as it was.

But it meant that he couldn't misdirect her beyond a one-time surprise move. It meant that, for this battle, he would have no choice but to stick only to Fulminata Godspeed.

Ordinarily, that meant that he was never getting touched by any Martial Senior ever.

But, unfortunately for him, his opponent was a Martial Master.

CLANG!

He narrowed his eyes as his daggers barely protected his neck from decapitation, leaping away to safety.

Yet, Master Inyen refused to let him go.

A foolish decision in the big picture. In her immersed state of bloodlust against Kane, she had forgotten the very thing that she had warned her fellow Sekigaharans off—they needed to retreat.

Yet within the battle, it was the best possible decision.

WHOOSH!

She arrived before him at extremely high speeds with her Sword Step techniques, refusing to give him any reprieve.

WHOOSH!

Kane evaded her smoothly, yet this time, he didn't even have the time to mount an attack!

CLANG!

He gritted his teeth, stunned as she managed to predict the direction of evasion even earlier this time.

She had one system of thought.

Just this one, yet she had dedicated centuries to refining it and nothing else.

"It wasn't able to shine against me because my prediction is much superior and universal but…" Rui watched them battle from atop a distant mountain. "…When it specifically comes to predicting evasion, her system of thought is not much below the VOID algorithm in that particular field."

Of course, the VOID algorithm was still far superior even though John Falken had not refined it for centuries. This was because the VOID algorithm had been created using cutting-edge statistics,probability theory, and state-of-the-art data science.

It was fundamentally of a different caliber than all other systems of thought in this world.

"However, that's not relevant here because," Rui narrowed his eyes, "you have poor compatibility against her, Kane."

CLANG CLANG CLANG!

Kane gritted his teeth as he was forced to parry every sword attack that found itself in his face each time he evaded her initial attack.

His evasion success rate only plummeted as she began predicting him better.

Kane soon came to realize what Rui already had.

"Shit," he cursed. "Of all the goddamn opponents I could have picked! I just had to pick one with a Martial Mind that specialized in dealing with evasion!"

Initially, he thought that she was just good at predicting in general. But he noticed that avoiding her was far, far harder than actually landing attacks on her.

In other words, her system of thought was focused only on prediction of evasion.

It was no wonder he was having such a hard time. 'Wait, but it's worse than that…' Kane's eyes grew grave. 'If her system of thought is anything like Rui's then…'

Then it would only grow stronger and stronger with more time.

Making it harder and harder for him to survive.

-



Chapter 2237  He Who Bears Lightning



Chills crawled down his spine as he realized the gravity of the situation.

CLANG CLANG CLANG!

His demeanor grew grim as evasion grew harder and harder.

Each time he tried, she managed to foresee exactly how he was going to try and evade herattack.

The worst part was that the speed of her sword style was greatly heightened by muscle memory.

He could tell.

She didn't need to think when executing even the most complicated combination of attacks. Normally, the mind guided and coordinated such attacks to ensure accuracy and precision were adequate.

However, this slowed down the frequency and speed of coordinated successive movements.

The body was faster than the mind.

Kane knew how much of a difference this could make. He had fought Hever many times, and despite being much slower than Kane in raw speed, he could keep just due to the fact that he had eliminated the drag of the mind on his body, allowing him to reach a level of rapidity that could compete with overwhelming speed.

He sensed that Master Inyen had done something similar.

"It actually made my job easier, since the absence of conscious intervention means lower pattern diversity, making it easier to form and refine predictive models on her," Rui analyzed the circumstances, comparing it to his own. "I'm compatible against her, but Kane is very much the opposite."

It was a good example highlighting how large a role compatibility could play.

Things that a compatible person could handle with ease could be absolute nightmares against those who weren't compatible.

"At this rate, you'll die, Kane." A faint mutter escaped Rui.

Even if he wanted to help, he couldn't. He was too far away in an attempt to ensure Kane didn't get distracted after he was there.

SPLAT SPLAT SPLAT!

"Rgh…!"

Kane grimaced as several more cuts appeared on his body. "Dammit."

Many of the systems of thought that he had developed were ineffective in this battle due to the fact that they were centered around the combination and timing of switching between Neo Godspeed and Void Step. However, due to the latter being too ineffective against her because of her Martial Mind, he could not use them.

CLANG CLANG CLANG!

Their blades began clashing with even greater furiosity as she began nailing her timing on him even more frequently, forcing him to block instead of evade due to her inability to predict blocking maneuvers.

Once outside of his element of evasive maneuvering, she held the advantage when it came to their clash of blades. He had only adopted the twin daggers much later in life. It meant that he had far less experience with them than she did with her sword.

SPLAT SPLAT SPLAT!

Rui watched with a calm expression as Kane began suffering even greater wounds from her extraordinary sword combinations. They were almost impossible to keep up with.

DRIP DRIP DRIP…

As more wounds continued piling on, he slowed down ever more. The blood loss made it  harder and harder to maintain a high level of speed.

Rui didn't even need to strain his mind by running simulations of their battle based on the predictive models he had on both of them to know that Kane's victory against her was extremely unlikely if that was all there was to show.

His fists clenched as his gaze hardened.

Suffering a brain aneurysm was worth it if it meant saving his best friend's life.

THUD

Kane fell down to one knee.

The air crackled.

It boiled with peril.

"Now then," her voice was filled with murderous bloodlust. "Die."

Her blade surged down towards Kane at extraordinary speeds even as Rui's Martial Heart blazed into power.

WHOOSH!

Master Inyen's eyes widened as her blade crashed into an empty image.

A feint.

Both Rui and Master Inyen froze with shock as Kane disappeared from their senses.

STEP

He arrived behind her with closed eyes and a serene expression.

The air had changed.

"I didn't want to have to use this…" A faint voice escaped him. "Since I hadn't used it outside of a controlled environment, but…"

His head tilted as his calm eyes met her shocked eyes.

"…But desperate times call for desperate measures, amirite?"

CRACK CRACK…!

Sparks began crackling in the air.

"Oh well, here goes." Kane's voice grew more severe, activating a special breathing technique. "Let's hope this doesn't kill me, because man I would die of embarrassment."

His words were mirthful, yet the tone of his voice sent chills down her spine.

In that moment, she knew that he was dangerous. Every bone in her body felt the faint peril that he was radiating.

CRACK CRACK CRACK…!

She took a defensive sword stance as her fear lingered in her eyes.

CRACK CRACK CRACK CRACK…!!

The air began growing more charged, sparking with flashes of electricity as Kane bent heaven and earth with the force of his breath.

She didn't understand what was happening.

But Rui did.

"Kane…" Realization dawned on him. "You…!"

CRACK CRACK CRACK CRACK CRACK…!

The sparks evolved.

They became bolts.

Bolts of none other than lightning.

Not just around him.

Across the entirety of his new domain.

BOOM BOOM BOOM!!!

He had created an ocean of lightning within the depths of his domain, as a tsunami of lightning bolts spiked across the entire domain.

Yet, they eventually found themselves converging onto a single point.

A single man.

CRACK CRACK CRACK!!!

Kane activated a second breathing technique in harmony with the first. One that allowed him to guide the lightning that soared towards him with murderous bloodlust.

Yet, he gently embraced it.

He bent heaven and earth, manipulating the path of each lightning to curl around him.

It obeyed him, cladding him in an armor of lightning.

"Fulminata…" Rui whispered with awe. He who bears lightning.

He had lived up to the name.

Kane's eyes shifted as his gaze returned to Master Inyen.

WHOOSH! n/ô/vel/b//jn dot c//om

In the blink of an eye, he arrived before Master Inyen as a single whisper escaped him.

"Heavenly Punishment."

BOOOM!!!

-



Chapter 2238  Realm of Lightning



Ever since Kane had seen Rui's elemental domains in the Mellow Manifold, he couldn't help but wonder whether or not it was possible for him to create such a domain himself.

Specifically, an elemental domain of lightning.

After all, he had always wished he could retain the power he had in the Thundering Valley. That place… that environment, he was the strongest he could ever be when he was there.

Of course, much to his dismay he had needed to leave the valley, for he couldn't possibly live there forever even if he wanted to.

Yet, he had never forgotten how overwhelmingly powerful he had felt within the Thundering Valley.

That was the closest he had ever come to defeating Rui in a battle.

He yearned to be able to achieve such immense power at will.

And when he saw Rui developing the Muspelheim and Niflheim domains successfully, he realized that it was indeed possible.

Upon return from the Beast Domain, he began working on two things.

The first were his systems of thought.

And the second, of course, was working his way towards developing a domain that functioned like the Thundering Valley.

It was the most difficult thing he had ever worked on.

Unbeknownst to him, in pursuit of creating such a domain, he had come into touch with high principles a lot sooner than he otherwise would have.

It had taken him more than seven years to achieve a result that he was satisfied with. Nearly half of the time he spent grinding in the manifold was dedicated to his desired domain.

A domain of lightning.

One that would do for him what the Thundering Valley had done for him. It would hyper augment his reflexes and would do so for a much greater period of time than just Fulminata Godspeed could by itself.

He didn't think he would be putting it to use in an actual battle of course.

But since the opportunity and necessity had presented itself, he obliged.

WHOOSH!

In the blink of an eye, he crossed the distance between himself and his opponent.

"Heavenly Punishment," he whispered as his knife surged forward before it ran into Master Inyen's katana.

Alas, that was hardly enough to defend against the kind of attack that Kane sought to inflict on her.

BOOOM!!!

An instant, an immense amount of electric current surged from his body through his daggers, through the esoteric alloy her sword and blade were comprised of, and through her body.

"ARRRMHHH!!!" she screamed in pain as her body heated up internally and her flesh burned.

Her Martial Body could not conduct electricity.

No, it resisted.

It resisted even as her blood boiled.

It resisted even as her heart shook. n/o/vel/b//in dot c//om

It resisted even as her nervous system was fried.

And it resisted even as she died.

It was over.

It was over in an instant.

THUD

Her corpse fell.

For a moment, there was silence.

"Tsk, that's it? I was kinda hoping for more," Kane muttered with displeasure.

Rui gazed at his thunder-clad form with an expression of delight and excitement. It was because he understood how the principles of the domain functioned that he was extremely impressed with how powerful and difficult it was.

Kane had created a potential difference across the domain by relying on friction and induction, charging up heated and dehydrated air to then charge both the atmosphere by relying on friction to cause a differential of charge.

He would serve as the negative charge while the entire domain was positively charged.

"Not just that," Rui realized. "He must have found a way to insulate the land from conducting current or serving as sink for current using earth bending."

This way all current would flow to or from his body in the forming of converging or diverging lightning bolts.

Regardless, his body would experience current, which greatly improved his reflexes to an otherworldly degree of speed and quickness. Rui still recalled how Kane was able to match his hyper-refined predictive model with just his sheer reflexes in the Thundering Valley.

Kane had a high affinity for lightning and electricity for reasons unknown to Rui. Kane thought that it was because of the Lightning Sect, but Rui knew that it most certainly wasn't for any silly reason like that.

"That's not all. He's conditioned himself to be able to tolerate greater strain on his heart," Rui observed as a smile appeared on his face. "He saw me train with Muspelheim and Niflheim the same way and realized he could employ the same strategy to complete two different tactics at once."

To say Rui was impressed was an understatement.

"The domain in isolation is easily on par with my Muspelheim and Niflheim. However, it's exponentially more compatible with him than either of the latter two are with me," Rui realized.

It was to Kane what hypnosis might be to Rui.

The reason that Rui was certain in his judgment was because of his enlightenment in the Tree of Life. The system of thought that had burrowed itself in his Martial Mind showed him the most optimal and, by extension, the most antithetical domains to his opponents on the basis of biology.

And he could clearly, compared to before, see that the most optimal domain for Kane was one of lightning.

It was one he would flourish most.

In other words, the impact that his new domain would have on his combat power far exceeded that of any domain that Rui had ever developed.

In addition, Kane had also developed a system of thought that focused on optimizing how much current he ought to charge himself up with to attain victory with the least amount of energy.

After all, domains were highly intensive, and Rui could sense with his mind sense that Kane was deeply in intense thought when generating and maintaining the domain.

"He's arrived."

Rui didn't understand why, but he could sense it.

Kane had arrived at the cusp of the Master Realm.

This was not the first time this had happened either.

After all, he had sensed that his own nascent Martial Mind was also completed after he attained the Tree of Life in the Garden of Salvation.

And now, once more, he could clearly sense a completed Martial Mind etched into his neurons, waiting to be discovered.

-



Chapter 2239  Turning Tables



"Tsk," Kane tutted, consuming a physical rejuvenation potion as he disappeared from the spot after having defeated Master Inyen.

Rui got up, glancing at her corpse momentarily. "Ah, well, I guess we'll never be able to put an end to our match."

He didn't really care.

He immediately surged to follow Kane and rejoin the main retreating group at the center as he watched Kane relentlessly bully the retreating Masters of the Sekigahara Confederate.

Their numbers had been trimmed from all the relentless harassment that they faced from the powerful Martial Seniors

"They're strong." Rui nodded, impressed. "Even the Sekigaharans are shocked by how strong the Seniors of the Kandrian Empire are."

The two largest reasons for this were the manifold and Rui's voidlet techniques. They had allowed the Kandrain Masters to be able to generate a system of thought a lot easier and sooner than they would have otherwise.

It had been eight years since he introduced his techniques, and since then they had been disseminated extremely far. Enough time had also passed for them to make a visible impact on Martial Seniors of the higher echelons.

And it was completely on display on the battlefield. Nearly all of the Kandrian Martial Seniors were thinking deeply with their systems of thought, using them to make the right decisions in combat to increase the probability of victory.

Even Nel had developed a system of thought, much to Rui's shock. Despite how low his capacity for systematic thought was, he was also already ready to become a Martial Master.

The only one who wasn't thinking was the Gatekeeper.

Yet, he was still the strongest of them all.

More importantly…

"At this rate…" Rui narrowed his eyes, "his Martial Body is going to reach the Senior Realm with its innate normal power, without the need of Martial Heart."

It was absurd, but that was how strong the Gatekeeper's body was becoming.

Currently, there was a decent chance he could fight the weakest Martial Senior without his Martial Heart and survive. Rui didn't understand. Granted, the Gatekeeper had spent seven years in the manifold, but even then, Rui didn't understand how his Martial Body was starting to grow at such an extraordinary rate after the age of five hundred when he was truly old biologically.

Yet, Rui's evaluation was accurate.

The Gatekeeper had grown nearly twice as strong as he had been when he fought Rui purely through bodily growth.

"His training must have improved astronomically. I don't know what he did, but I don't think even Nel's physicality has grown this fast, ever."

Currently, the Gatekeeper was the biggest menace on the battlefield.

The exhausted Martial Masters needed to gang up on him to keep him at bay from massacring all of them.

They were on the verge of absolute failure at all times.

Most of their attacks bounced off of him, inflicting little to no damage.

Kane and Nel were menaces in their own right, of course. Having greatly benefited from the Gatekeeper's magical training, Nel's physicality had reached an extremely high level as well. While he didn't have the ocean of accumulation that the Gatekeeper had amassed over his lifetime, he was born with a superhuman body that made up for much of the gap. His body was also less bulky, allowing him to be faster than the Gatekeeper but far less durable and strong.

Kane, having gained confidence in his new domain after his battle with Master Inyen, employed it everywhere he went. Nothing could so much as touch him.

His reflexes had reached a degree that Rui couldn't even fathom possible in the Senior Realm. His reflexes reacted not only to things that were to occur but even to things that had yet to, allowing him to invalidate everything that his opponents threw at him.

He even circled around the retreating Sekigaharan groups, with his back facing the direction of the Sekigahara Confederate, impeding their desperate retreat home.

It forced them to fight him head-on.

Out of all the Martial Seniors that had taken part in the operation, the three Martial Seniors drew the highest amount of opposition. There weren't too many grade-fifteen Martial Seniors, so most of them fought multiple exhausted Masters at once.

Yet, this was most true for the trio. n/ô/vel/b//jn dot c//om

Each of them fought many Martial Masters that struggled to suppress their devastating power on the battlefield.

Unfortunately, everybody had limits.

In this case, it was the trio that hit their limits first.

SPLAT!

Nel's grin grew gruesome as a blade impaled him, poking out from the front.

"Die, monster!" one Martial Master bellowed with desperation.

All it took was a single mistake for the battles to turn over.

BOOM BOOM BOOM!!!

The Gatekeeper turtled into a defensive guard as more than twenty Martial Masters ganged up on him, blasting him with powerful attacks with deep desperation in hopes of downing the monster.

He was undoubtedly strong, but not even he could ignore such an immense influx of powerful attacks from those with active Martial Minds.

"That's not all…" Rui glanced at a group of exhausted Martial Masters that desperately consumed potions while their peers held off the small group of powerful Martial Seniors. "Things are about to get much harder."

BADUMP!!

"THAT'S IT!" Several Martial Masters with rejuvenated Martial Bodies and Hearts surged into battle. "I'LL KILL ALL OF YOU!"

BOOOM BOOOM BOOOM!!!

Of course, that did not mean their Minds were rejuvenated as only deep sleep could do that. But even the tiny spark of Mind capacity they had left was enough to turn the tides.

Hell, even if their Martial Minds were completely exhausted, they could still turn the tides with the sheer amount of power they could channel.

In turn, they could take over the duties of suppressing the three monstrous Martial Seniors while their peers earned their reprieve that they were looking for to consume their own potions.

The turning of one table led to a cascade of turning tables as an increasing number of rejuvenated Martial Masters ganged up on the three strongest Martial Seniors of the Kandrian Empire with fury, ready to repay them for their humiliation.

-



