Chapter 1791  Progress



Rui meditated in an isolated and silent training facility. Around him were a multitude of candles spread across the entirety of the

His environment was serene.

Yet his mind most certainly wasn't.

"RRRRRRGHHH!!" Rui gritted his teeth inside his mindscape inside his Mind Palace.

A tsunami of information bombarded him, and he struggled to process each vector as well as he would have liked to. Yet the tsunami was much smaller than it had previously been.

It was no longer an ocean that entirely overwhelmed him.

"Rgh!" He pieced together the final piece of the puzzle.

Suddenly, his vision of the world shifted. Time turned back, tracing its path.

Yet, this time, it did not do so for all of the candles around him, only for the dozen or so before him.

His eyes opened, lighting up with triumph. "It's possible!"

The sole Martial Art project that he had been working on at the moment was making the Angel of Laplace combat viable by reducing the target scope of the technique to solely his opponent.

Rewinding time across the entire world around him was cool, but it did not serve any purpose in combat. He needed to shave off the fluff so that he didn't get anything he didn't need in the middle of combat.

Unfortunately, this was proving to be quite challenging. The Angel of Laplace domain technique worked by measuring every single vector within an enormous range of Rui.

It was sort of like taking a molecular-high-definition three-dimensional picture of the entire world within that range. After that, he simply applied some complex mathematical functions to the system of vectors that drew them back in time, allowing him to then simulate the past.

It was an astronomically complicated version of predicting the past of waves atop the surface of a lake.

Even a child could glance at a wave of water and intuitively predict not just its past but also its origin. After all, the origin of a circular wave atop the surface of a lake will always be the epicenter of the circle that the wave formed. One also knows that these waves of water move at a constant speed and move radially outward. Thus, one can predict the future and past of the wave of water infinitely.

Rui was essentially doing a similar but exponentially more complicated version to the entire world with the Angel of Laplace, operating with heat, sound, displacement, and even entropy to be able rewind the past.

The only issue he was facing was that because he had taken such a mathematical approach to scrying the past, it was difficult to figure out how to selectively process the bare minimum amount of information needed to figure out the past of a single target.

He had no choice but to go down the trial-and-error route. By adjusting the mathematical models of the Angel of Laplace and measuring their consequent impact on the output the functions spat out to the various inputs, he could slowly but steadily make progress towards eventually perfecting the Angel of Laplace such that it became entirely combat viable.

He didn't know how long it would take. Thê sourc𝗲 of this conte/nt n/o/v/(𝒆l)bi((n))

He didn't even know if he could accomplish it with the power of the Senior Realm solely.

'If I cannot complete the Angel of Laplace with solely the power of the Senior Realm, then…' Rui's eyes narrowed.

CLACK

Rui glanced at the door opening. "Your Highness," an assistant bowed deeply. "As ordered, I am here to inform you that it has been three days since the arrest was completed. His Mastery, Master Zentra, has informed me that he had ensured that he has followed your instructions perfectly since then."

"Good," Rui remarked. "You may go."

"Yes, Your Highness," She left his presence.

"Huff…" Rui heaved a resigned sigh, shaking his head.

He would have loved to have continued refining the Angel of Laplace technique in peace, but reality kept reminding him that he had a campaign to lead. It wasn't long before he eventually ran into Master Zentra, who had been waiting for him.

"Your Highness, I apologize for disturbing your training," Master Zentra greeted him.

Rui shook his head. "You needn't be apologetic or that humble to me. This is especially true for a Martial Master of your stature that exceeds even the status of a royal prince."

"It would be inappropriate nonetheless, Your Highness," Master Zentra refused to relent.

Rui heaved a sigh as the two of them walked through the branch of the Martial Union they were in. "When is the Martial Union going to officially dispatch a representative or panel of representatives to address the elephant in the room."

The elephant of a hundred billion gold coins was donated flat, along with a declaration of support for Rui's campaign. "I am unfortunately not privy to such a high-level matter," Master Zentra calmly replied.

"What?!" Rui raised his eyebrows in disbelief. "Not even you?"

"Not even me," He reaffirmed. "The Martial Union's decisions and stance are extraordinarily impactful and will have ramifications across all of Kandria and beyond. It has the potential to impact the future of human civilization. Not even I am qualified to solely take charge of this matter. Thus, the Martial Union may dispatch a collective of Martial Masters from different sects and factions to deliberate with you to come to a mutual understanding or…"

His voice trailed off.

But his message was clear.

Rui grew nervous and excited at the possibility, yet he schooled his demeanor. He still had business to take care of.

"Where are those four idiots?" Rui asked. "I want to see how they've been doing in the past three days."

"We've arrived, Your Highness," The Master remarked as they descended into a dungeon-like space underneath the Martial Union branch. A spiral of corridors led them further and further down the space. Rui could see countless prison bars down the corridors, imprisoning many people within.

The depths of the dungeon were deep, such that the light of the torches along the corridors did not even illuminate the abyss down the center of the spiraling corridors.

"I've never been to this part of the Hajin branch…" Rui murmured as he glanced at the enormous prison space underneath. "Incredible."

"This is where we house those sentenced to prison time by the Martial Union," Master Zentra remarked. "We've arrived."

CLACK

The guards open the doors, revealing four despairing figures.



Chapter 1792 Machinations

﻿﻿"Well, well, well…" Rui smirked. "What do we have here?"

His very voice seemed to trigger deep trauma in each of them.

Prince Randal's breathing grew heavy as his expression crumpled, gritting his teeth. It was as though he needed to exert himself just to maintain his composure before Rui. Princess Ranea stared at him with unadulterated fear while Raemina's demeanor grew psychotically hateful.

Princess Rafia started shivering uncontrollably.

"Tsk tsk," Rui tutted lightly at her. "How brittle. The mere failure of the assassination attempt and the revelation of our blood relationship were enough to break you mentally? What a joke. None of you would last a day as a Martial Artist."

"I'LL KILL YOU!" Princess Raemina screeched.

"Ah, the psycho has snapped," Rui heaved a sigh. "Behave unless you want to be stripped and thrown into a cage like an animal. I can arrange for that if you want."

His words shut her up on the spot. She certainly despised him from the depths of her heart, but what he had described was soul-excruciating to even fathom, let alone actually experience.

"…Soft," Rui huffed, shaking his head. "So addicted to your luxury that even a commoner's life must be gut-wrenching to you."

"…What do you want?" Prince Randal managed to squeeze out.

Rui turned to him. "I have an offer. If you refuse, I will ensure that you will live like animals for the rest of your life. If you accept, I can arrange for more amenable circumstances. If you do really well, I might be willing to have the Martial Union reduce your sentence to house arrest."

Hope lit up in the eyes of the four royals.

Rui had purposely let them spend a little time in the most extreme prison the Martial Union had to offer. He needed to bring about a deep desperation in their hearts and souls. He needed the gravity of the situation to truly set inside their bones.

It was one thing to wave around the threat of life imprisonment, but unfortunately, they each lacked the understanding of how horrifying the threat was to them. They couldn't fathom how much despair and misery it would bring about on an emotional level.

After all, the standards of living the royals considered to be normal were what commoners would consider to be paradise. What the royals considered to be bad was still quite very hospitable by commoner standards.

They simply lacked the context of how horrific things could truly become.

That was why he had allowed them to rot in a holding cell for three days while the Martial Union prepared their trial so that they could gain the context needed.

The moment he mentioned the possibility of house arrest. Their eyes lit up with deeply desperate hope. They leaped for the bars, abandoning all dignity, grasping at it as they stared at him with desperation. "We accept! We accept!!"

"Are you sure…?"

"Yes!!!"

"Hehe…" Rui chuckled, taking a moment to enjoy the view.

He had no sympathy for them. He didn't care for them even before they tried killing him, but once they did, he could watch them burn without feeling damping his mood even in the slightest.

They got what they had coming.

"As for what I need you to do…" Rui narrowed his eyes. "I need you to consult with each of your patrons, benefactors, and consultants and inform all of them personally that you have decided to cease your campaign and abandon all claim to the throne. Tell them that you are grateful for all the money, Martial capital, and resources that they have given you, but unfortunately, you cannot return all of it. Apologize for the inconvenience courteously, and brush them off when they demand explanations."

The four royals widened their eyes with shock. "…That will antagonize them and make them our enemies!"

A sinister smile emerged on Rui's face.

"Exactly."

Horror flashed on their faces as they understood Rui's true intentions!

It would be all too easy for Rui to just have the Martial Union arrest the four royals in public with the publicly stated charge of Martial murder conspiracy against Prince Rui. However, this would be easily distorted as the Martial Union unlawfully eradicated competition with some bullshit bogus charges, especially when the evidence could not be released according to regulations for high-profile cases.

Normally, only the Emperor had the authority to authorize a public review of the case, but he was not available, which would only further inflame the nation's suspicions that the Martial Union had crossed a line with a fascistic attempt to instill their own puppets specifically during this time.

Rui would not be immune to this. If he was known to be responsible for this suspiciously convenient arrest, he would become a target of suspicion and hatred. He would not be able to convince and compel the high-ranking government officials of the four royals to defect to him, not if he was seen as the front of the Martial Union's potentially unlawful misapplication of the Crimes Against Martial Art Act of the Kandria Martial Covenant.

In the worst-case scenario, his campaign could be deeply stalled.

That was why he resorted to this instead.

"As long as you convince your stakeholders, donors, patrons, and benefactors that you are truly abandoning your campaign and running away with the money that they gave you for the sake of the campaign…" Rui smiled. "I will ensure that you will live a luxurious life under house arrest in the Vargard Royal Palace, protected by the Martial Union from your angry patrons."Thê sourc𝗲 of this conte/nt n/o/v/(𝒆l)bi((n))

The moment they heard 'luxurious life,' they did not even hesitate.

"Deal!"

"Good," Rui smirked.

This was also a part of his plan. If their donors, patrons, and benefactors saw the four royals suddenly abandon their campaign, brush off their demands, and then hide under the protection of the Martial Union in luxury, there was only one explanation to be deduced.

The four royals sold themselves to the Martial Union.

Corruption was not rare among members of the royal family. Once all the supporters of the four royals realize that they sold out to the Martial Union to stop their campaigns in exchange for luxury and absolute protection, they would undoubtedly garner deep hatred and break all ties with them.

"…And then I shall swoop in and offer myself as a new candidate willing to compensate them for their losses, secretly using the same money that they gave to the royals, as long as they join my faction," Rui smirked. "It's too strong an offer for them to refuse."

This was the way that he could smoothly win over all their patrons, donors, and benefactors in one fell swoop.



Chapter 1793 Uproar

﻿﻿An uproar had sparked in the political sphere of the Kandrian Empire.

One that shook the entire political landscape and the dynamics of the Kandrian Throne War.

Prince Randal, Princess Ranea, Princess Rafia, and Princess Raemina had each abruptly forfeited the Kandrian Throne War!

The announcements spread like wildfire as each of the four royals released statements to their respective factions. The entirety of the upper echelons of the Kandrian Empire was utterly bewildered by the simultaneous decisions of the four royals to forfeit their claim to the throne.

The ones who were most shocked, of course, were the closest patrons, donors, and benefactors of each of the four royals. None of them were able to understand what was happening.

"What is the meaning of this, Randal?!" Grand General Aramoeus bellowed at the royal prince.

"I have taken some time to introspect," Prince Randal replied calmly, closing his eyes. "I have decided that I no longer wish to ascend the throne. I appreciate all the time, effort, and capital that each of you has invested in me, but unfortunately, I am unable to return it. I hope you understand."

"What?!"

"Come back!"

"How dare you?!"

The entirety of the war room stared at the Military Prince with shock as the man quietly left the room, ignoring any demands for justification.

Similar scenes unfolded in the other three factions as well. Each of the other three royals broke the news quickly and clinically and departed once the message had been conveyed. Not a single one of their patrons, donors, and benefactors was able to maintain their composure.

They were even more bewildered when they learned that similar things happened in three other factions.

Yet, they were helpless. Once a donation had been made, they could not pry it back; they would have to live with the fact that each of the four had simply walked away with all that wealth.

Once the shock wore off, each of them very quickly began to curse the four royals with deep frustration. The investments that these donor patrons had made to each of the royals were not small. Some of them had even bled for the royals in hopes that it would increase the chance that they would ascend the throne and fulfill their promises.

Now, all of those hopes had gone down the drain.

Yet, that wasn't even the worst part.

The worst part was that the four royals were spotted in one of the Martial Union's most luxurious guest estates, used to entertain important and powerful international guests visiting Kandria on business with the union. Allegedly, the Martial Union had gone out of its way to put up a display of Martial Art to entertain them.

That was when the final pieces clicked.

It made no sense for the four royals to randomly abandon their lifelong ambitions and then coincidentally live it up at the Martial Union's expense when they were previously adversarial with each other.

A spark of understanding formed in people's minds.

Everything could be explained if the four princes had been bought by some powerful incentive from the Martial Union. It would explain the otherwise odd sequence of events.

It was still shocking. Just what kind of mind-numbing offer had the Martial Union made to each of them?

The four royals already lived in royal luxury; whatever the Martial Union had offered must have far exceeded anything they could even imagine, so much so that even the four royals had willingly abandoned their ambitions.

That was the most reasonable explanation when one applied Occam's Razor.

Regardless, the Kandrian Throne War had been shaken.

The number of prime competitors for the throne had reduced from eight to four in a single day!

The remaining competitors were the allied princes; Prince Raijun and Prince Rajak, as well as Prince Raul and Prince Rui.

Anybody looking to support candidates with political philosophies most beneficial to them was left with four choices. Many powerful people in the political sphere of the Kandrian Empire had just been deprived of their supporting prince or princess with the removal of the four royals from the race. Each of them reluctantly returned to considering which of the remaining princes they ought to support with a hint of caution.

Although many of them had lost trust in the Royal Family, with half the prime royals dipping from the race and running away, they had no choice but to partake in the race.

It was too important. Whoever would ascend the throne gained enormous power that made even the Martial Union wary and apprehensive. They could not allow themselves not to influence who the next ruler was, however little they could.

They were very familiar with three of the four candidates, having considered and very quickly rejected them in the past.

The fourth candidate, however, was quite new to everyone.

Not that there was a single person who was unaware of the youngest Senior in history. Up until the revelation of his royal bloodship, they were only aware of him in the capacity of an extraordinary Martial Artist.

Nobody knew nearly as much about him as a potential candidate for Emperor.

That was why a large number of them revisited recordings and transcripts of his press conference, going over every word he uttered.

His political doctrine was that of harmony.

He was a prince who sought to maintain the existing status quo.

That was not ideal to them, but…Thê sourc𝗲 of this conte/nt n/o/v/(𝒆l)bi((n))

It's not bad.

This was the thought that flashed through many of their heads. The status quo that existed in the Kandrian Empire did not strictly favor any one power bloc of the Kandrian Empire over another.

On top of that, if the Final Prince was as competent as he seemed, then the Kandrian Empire might experience a period of growth similar to what it experienced under the rule of the Emperor of Harmony.

That was not disagreeable. It certainly was infinitely more alluring than a vengeful psychopath, an ignorant saint, and a plummeting Martial Prince.



Chapter 1794 Monastery of Mysteries

﻿﻿"Your Highness! We have received inquiries and appointment requests from more than a hundred distinguished economic and political tycoons!" His chief of staff exclaimed.

Rui smirked.

Just as planned.

"Ensure that each of them receives an appointment within the month," Rui replied. "In the latter half of the day, preferably. I'll leave the scheduling management to you."

"Understood, Your Highness."

Rui grinned, amused, as he went through the list of those who were once of the faction of the four royals that he had eliminated from the competition. They had considered him fairly, something that they would not have done if they had known that he was the reason that their favored candidate had dipped from the race and ran away with their money.

He certainly didn't intend to tell them.

No one would believe that a prince who had recently entered the race would be able to arrange for the immediate removal of four of his competitors. It would be an extraordinary level of competence to eliminate powerful competitors so quickly.

While the other three princes would undoubtedly work hard to reel in as many candidates as they could, Rui wasn't too worried that they would be able to exceed his efforts. If they failed before, there was no reason to think they would succeed, especially when they were in a tougher spot.

Rui sharpened his eyes as his mind furiously raced to make considerations of the future. He had a clear vision of what was to come and what he was to set out to achieve.

His political goals were to quickly monopolize each of the freed-up patrons, donors, and benefactors from the four former factions. Eventually, he intended to wring away at least seventy-five percent of support from high-ranking government officials.

This way, there was absolutely no chance for any of his competitors to succeed at becoming Emperor.

On top of that, if he failed, he would be able to keep up his oath. He was sincere when he had sworn the oath to Sage Sayfeel, and he doubted that the powerful Martial Sage would allow him to go back on his word even if he tried.

If that was the case, it was best to prepare for failure.

His eyes narrowed as the air grew heavier.

If he failed, he would become Emperor.

"Huff…" Rui closed his eyes, shaking his head.

When he opened them, a deep determination lit up within their depths.

"Your Highness," his chief of staff contacted him once more.

"Hm?" He turned to the communication artifact projecting her voice. "What is it?"

"The Martial Union has just invited you for an official deliberation regarding its patronage of your campaign," she told him.

Rui's eyes intensified as he read through the statement that the Martial Union had issued the Rui Administration. It was a rather formal invitation to discuss the arrangements between the Martial Union and Prince Rui Quarrier Kandria in his campaign for the throne.

Rui noted that the two Martial Masters standing behind him of the Martial Union hadn't told him anything about it. Master Zentra was one thing, but it was rather strange that Master Ceeran hadn't informed him beforehand.

'He didn't know,' Rui realized. 'Would he really not know if it was just a bunch of Martial Masters?'

That was impossible. The Ranging Sect was undoubtedly powerful enough to have a voice in this panel of Masters that would collectively address Rui. The fact that he didn't know meant that it wasn't just going to be a panel of Masters.

Rui's eyes narrowed as realization dawned on him. "When is it?"

"…It's now, sir," His chief of staff remarked with an indignant tone.

Her tone made it clear she didn't appreciate the Martial Union summoning Rui without prior notice, expecting him to drop his work and run to their summons.

Yet Rui only grew more certain of his realization.

"I'll go," He remarked, getting up hastily. "Send me the location."

Very soon, he found himself sky-walking across Kandria at top speed. The sheer speed at which he was traveling was so great that it looked like a comet was flying through the sky at astronomical speeds!

He didn't want to leave whoever it was that he would be speaking to waiting. That was why he even activated his Martial Heart along with Gale Force Breathing and Outer Convergence, reaching speeds dozens of times greater than that of even sound.

Master Zentra, Master Vericita, Master Ceeran, and Master Iskan effortlessly kept up with him, of course, using a fraction of their full power to ensure that they were in close proximity at all times.

"Is that it…?" Rui narrowed his eyes as he spotted a structure on top of a mountain three hundred kilometers away from them.

"Indeed, Your Highness," Master Vericita smiled. "That is the Monastery of Mysteries, a place for meditation built by the Martial Union that is usually reserved for..."

"…for Martial Sages," Rui completed his words with a heavy tone.

His nerves tingled.Thê sourc𝗲 of this conte/nt n/o/v/(𝒆l)bi((n))

The air prickled.

He could almost feel the strain of heaven and earth under the weight

"Hehehe, you seem to have attracted the attention of bigshots, my friend!" Master Iskan grinned. "Be honored; it is not every day that those of the Sage of Realm see fit to give their time to Martial Seniors! It is a testament to how much of an impact you have made as a Martial Artist!"

"…I think it's because I'm a prince rather than a prominent Martial Senior," Rui smiled bitterly.

"That's where you're wrong."

Master Zentra's calm voice denied his statement.

"The only other prince who has gained the personal audience of a Martial Sage was Prince Raul," He calmly remarked. "None of the other Martial Sages have deemed the royals they supported to be worthy of a personal audience. Prince Raijun had desperately begged the Flickering Elder for an audience for many years, yet she never relented, deeming him unworthy of her personal time."

Master Ceeran smiled at him. "Your accomplishments were previously deemed impossible. You have earned the right to be proud of them."

"…Thanks."

Gratitude echoed in Rui's voice.



Chapter 1795 How Dare You

﻿﻿STEP

They landed atop Mt. Vanfeiger.

It was a mountain at the center of a barren desert in South Kandria, devoid of too much activity and life. The area was as desolate as it was serene.

"Huff…" Rui heaved a sigh as he quickly consumed a light rejuvenation potion, restoring his expended stamina.

He gazed at the Monastery of Mysteries.

"We will secure the area, Your Highness," Master Zentra calmly remarked. "Not that it is required, but nothing can be allowed to disturb your audience with the personage that awaits you."

"…Understood."

"Break a leg, my friend!" Master Iskan slapped him on the shoulder, leaving him a bruise as he walked away.

PAT

Master Vericita smiled warmly as she reassured him with a hand on his head. "Good luck, my child."

She, too, stepped away.

"You don't need luck," Master Ceeran smirked. "If it's you, you are able to make your own, am I wrong?"

Soon enough, he was alone before the giant structure.

His heart felt heavy.

A profound sense of power radiated from within the monastery.

A Realm of power that he had come to recognize.

It was a Realm of power that seemed to bend the world itself.

A power that bent heaven and earth itself.

His Martial drive stirred.

His hunger stirred.

The void in the depths of stirred.

"I want this power…" A single whisper escaped his mouth.

Feeling such power only brought about greater clarity in his heart.

Was he going to sit on a throne and play Emperor while such godly power awaited him?

Determination flashed in his eyes.

"No."

He stepped forth with a determined gait.

He didn't have time to waste.

CLACK

The giant gate of the Monastery of Mysteries opened before he could reach them, closing behind him when he entered.

The monastery was hemispherical.

It was also almost empty.

Devoid of all but one.

A man.

No.

Rui's eyes narrowed.

Not a man.

A Sage.

Rui could feel it.

That strange sensation that accompanied all Martial Sages.

He couldn't quite put his finger on it, but it was…

Heavy.V/\IssịT n0(v)eL/b(i)(n).𝘤𝑜/𝓂 for the b/est novel reading experi/en/ce

Their presence weighed down on the world around them. It weighed down on space and time itself, almost generating a gravitational field by virtue of the weight of their being, so much so that Riemannian Echo had become utterly incoherent in the man's presence.

He didn't understand.

He didn't understand this power that he deeply yearned for.

The Martial Sage was lying down on the ground, relaxed. His hands supported his head as a cushion while his legs stretched out, intertwined in a rather relaxing sleeping position.

His appearance and attire were…lazy, at best. He wore a simple, fluffy single-piece garb, a fusion between Martial Art attire and sleeping pajamas.

He was too lazy to switch back and forth between them.

Rui recognized him instantly, of course.

The Sloth Sage.

Countless thoughts flashed through Rui's mind as he considered what to do. The meeting was too important to act without carefully considering the ramifications of every single word he uttered!

"It ain't that deep, kid."

A nonchalant remark escaped from the Martial Sage.

Yet his mouth hadn't moved.

"Hup…" He visibly looked tired as he got up. "Huff…at my age, even getting up can be quite exhausting."

His mouth didn't move.

Yet Rui could hear him.

'How?' Rui's eyes widened.

The Sloth Sage peered at him with a lazy gaze.

"It's because the Monastery of Mysteries manifests thought as sound and vision."

His mouth hadn't moved.

"Right now, you're hearing my thoughts," The Martial Sage smiled lazily. "Convenient, isn't it? I love this place because I'm too lazy to move my mouth and exert my vocal cords."

"What?!" Rui's eyes widened with shock as his thoughts manifested into sound, reaching the Martial Sage.

"The effect gets stronger the closer you get to the center." He explained. "Come closer."

Rui stared at him apprehensively.

"Oh, don't be a pussy, boy," The man snorted lazily. "I won't tell anyone about the depraved thoughts and fantasies you have about the women in your life. I'm too lazy to bother."

Rui shook his head, heaving a sigh.

STEP

Suddenly, the world around him changed.

The hemispherical dome of the monastery disappeared.

What appeared in its place was a sight that he had grown extremely familiar with over time.

His Mind Palace.

"Wha-" He literally shook on the spot, bewildered at how his Mind Palace manifested in reality around them!

"…Oh?" The Martial Sage slowly shifted his head, resting in his hands, around as he gazed at the sight that emerged before him with interest. "I had read that you had mastered the Mind Palace technique to an extraordinary degree, but this…"

The Martial Sage's murmur trailed off as he squinted at a particular sight with sharpened eyes.

It was the street that John Falken had lived on back on Earth.

"…Where is that?"

"Nothing!" Rui squelched as he quickly thought about something; the scene changed.

The man turned to Rui with interested eyes.

A certain realization had dawned on him.

"…I see that there's more to you than meets the eye."

"This is unfair!…Your Sagehood," Rui complained, hastily adding the honorific at the end.

The Sloth Sage smiled lazily. "I suppose it is. You have my apologies. Here, I'll let you get a glimpse of my mind."

WHOOSH!

Rui's eyes widened as the world changed.

Suddenly, he was in the sky.

An empty blue sky.

The only thing he could see was a light cloud. It expanded, slowly encompassing him in its warm embrace.

It was soft.

It was serene.

The very sight of it made him feel relaxed.

Its touch made him feel sleepy.

It made for soul satisfaction.

He felt like lying down and sleeping forever.

Why bother with building a faction?

Why bother searching for the Divine Doctor?

Why bother with…Project Water?

His soul shook at that thought.

BADUMP!

His heart began beating faster and faster.

Every cell in his body shook with power.

His eyes lit up with rage as he glared at the floating cloud.

It was the Martial Embodiment of the Sloth Sage.

"How dare you?" Rui's tone grew murderous. "How dare you make me question my Martial Path?!"



Chapter 1796  Unfolding



Of all the things that he could possibly have done against a Martial Sage, Rui didn't expect that he would be directing his bloodlust towards one. It was an act that had an extremely high mortality rate.

Yet, the deep disgust he felt at even having questioned dedicating himself to Project Water instantly turned into deep rage. Rage against the one who had caused him to question his Martial Path, even if only for a moment.

He wanted to erase the one who caused him to question his Martial Path from existence.

Erase him from history.

Erase the very fact that such a thing had ever even happened.

His bloodlust deepened. It was palpable, wringing the very air around them taut. His fury boiled.

It boiled until it no longer could.

In that moment, he had become beholden to it.

At that moment, he snapped.

BADUMP!

His Martial Heart blazed into full power, propelling him forward. It hadn't been his intention, yet he moved without even realizing it. In less than a millisecond, he had already arrived before the Sage. His leg blurred, flashing forward at blinding speeds.

The full weight of Outer Convergence, Fire Breathing, Reverberating Lance, and Adamant Reforging flew forward in a titanic Flowing Canon kick to the head.

WHOOSH!

Rui's eyes widened as he felt all the momentum of his attack disappear as his attack before it could even reach the Martial Sage.

It wasn't a technique.

Rui instinctively understood that much. It was the very world itself. Almost as though heaven and earth had been bent by his presence so much that it impeded his attack.

It was only then that Rui's conscious awareness caught up to what he had done.

WHOOSH...!

He leaped away, breaking out in a cold sweat.

"I would have let you vent your anger if it appeased you, but…" The Sloth Sage lazily turned towards Rui. "…Lesser beings lack the qualification to touch a Martial Sage. I'm too lazy to do the work for you. Still…"

A glint of interest flashed in his eyes. "…I was not aware that it was possible for a lesser Martial Artist to resist the effects of my Martial Embodiment."

His interest grew deeper.

"This is a feat that only those of the Upper Realms are able to accomplish."

His eyes fixed on Rui. "…You are cut from a different cloth, Rui Quarrier Kandria."

Rui narrowed his eyes, clenching his fist. His displeasure towards the Martial Sage was palpable.

The Martial Sage heaved a sigh. "I won't lie to you. I intended to interrogate you while you were in a hypnotic state under my Martial Embodiment, but out of respect for your resistance, I will abstain from attempting."

Rui's eyes grew colder. "Interrogation? Hypnotic state?"

The man smiled. "While being a Martial Artist is enough to withstand the Martial Embodiments of Martial Masters, once needs to be of the Upper Realms to withstand the hypnotic effect of Martial Embodiments of Sages like myself."

He gestured to the Monastery of Mysteries. "I don't have any hypnotic techniques and rather bring out my full power to active my Martial Embodiment, I figured it would be better to use the Monastery of Mysteries, which can convert my thoughts into light and sound, which can be used to hypnotize people."

Rui understood why the Martial Sage had invited Rui to the Monastery of Mysteries. The monastery essentially allowed the Martial Sage to use hypnosis within the facility without actually having mastered any hypnotic techniques.

That wasn't what Rui was concerned with, however. Thê sourc𝗲 of this conte/nt n/o/v/(𝒆l)bi((n))

"Why do you want to interrogate me?" Rui growled. "Is this how the Martial Union treats those it seeks to patron and support? Is this how it treats members of the Martial Fiscal Committee?"

A complicated expression appeared on his face. "…Well, I had intended to erase your memories of it. I didn't expect your mind and drive to be collectively powerful enough to resist even the initial hypnosis."

"Why did you want to interrogate me at all?" Rui glared at him, no longer feeling safe in the presence of the Sloth Sage.

"To figure out your true intentions, of course," the Sloth Sage calmly remarked. "I've gone through your whole profile in our database. Did you really think I would buy you, of all people, willingly become Emperor at the cost of your Martial Path without any schemes, plans, strategies, or something in an attempt to have your cake and eat it?"

He tilted his head. "…We aren't incompetent, you know. The Martial Union has been observing you for eighteen years. Short of your father, we know you better than anybody else does."

Rui narrowed his eyes. "…Just to assuage suspicions, the Martial Union decided to hypnotize me against my will?!"

"Nah, that was me alone. I'm too lazy to find out the truth in an ethical but time-consuming manner, you see. So I decided to do it the easy way using hypnosis," the Sloth Sage smiled lazily before a hint of concern flashed in his eyes. "Wait. Don't tell anyone. I'll get my ass whooped if my peers find out. That drunk bitch is always looking for an opportunity to whale on me."

Rui glared at the Martial Sage. "And what if I do? It's not like you can hurt me or kill me without getting into much deeper trouble with the Kandrian government and military. Everybody knows my current location, you know. There are powerful forces that will move when they learn that a Martial Sage of the Union bullied the heir of the Emperor."

The Sloth Sage groaned. "Damned Void Prince. Bullying you would have been much easier three months ago, even if still difficult."

He heaved a sigh. "Alright, tell you what. You tell me your intentions and keep this hypnosis matter a secret, and in return, I'll do you one favor, deal?"

The Sloth Sage shamelessly asked Rui to keep his transgressions a secret, trying to incentivize him with a favor.

Unfortunately for Rui, it was hard to ignore such a deal.

Rui's eyes lit up with interest. "What kind of favor are we talking about?"



Chapter 1797  Final Card



The Sloth Sage shrugged. "The kind of favor that only a Martial Sage could complete. Nothing unreasonable, of course. I am not going to assassinate the other princes for you. As long as it is not detrimental to the Martial Union and the Kandrian Empire, I'll do you a solid deal."

Rui narrowed his eyes. "And what if I refuse?"

"Then the Martial Union rescinds its support for you," The Martial Sage lightly remarked. "We will not support someone who refuses to be transparent with us."

"Shouldn't this have been done before the union announced its support for me?" Rui raised an eyebrow.

"If I had the power to have stopped that, I would have. I was against the Union supporting you," The Sloth Sage shrugged. "But you have acquired some…fans. A lot of fans. However…"

His eyes narrowed. "I am not necessarily one of them. At least, not a fan of the political support for you. I was chosen to represent the Union out of all my peers because I have among the least compromised interests and am able to represent the Union rather than my personal interests, believe it or not. The major sects don't want to allow one of their rivals to get it. I, on the other hand, am least involved with my sect, or anybody or anything else."

He heaved a tired sigh as though the very act of monologuing was exhausting.

"The Drunk Dame is even more detached than me, but she's perenially too drunk to be entrusted with representing the Martial Union," The Sloth Sage remarked. His eyes lazily turned to Rui. "So what's it going to be, Void Prince? Show us you are worthy of our trust by divulging your true intentions, get a favor from me, or…refuse to do so and lose our support due to lack of transparency, as judged by me?"

Rui stared at him.

It appeared that the Sloth Sage was willing to use the fact that he was entrusted with deliberating with Rui to take away the Martial Union's support of him if he didn't come clean. V/\IssịT n0(v)eL/b(i)(n).𝘤𝑜/𝓂 for the b/est novel reading experi/en/ce

To a certain extent, he could understand where the Sloth Sage was coming from.

After all, if he were a donor considering heavily supporting and investing in a political candidate, knowing the latter's true intentions and goals was a bare minimum. It was an absolute necessity.

Still, he didn't appreciate being attempted hypnosis against.

However, he needed the Martial Union's support.

He also didn't mind a favor from the Sloth Sage. "I'll tell if you keep it a secret," Rui narrowed his eyes. "And just why would I do that, young prince?"

"You don't seem to want me to ascend the throne, right?" "…It would be a waste of potential," the Sloth Sage closed his eyes. "Your Hungry Pain technique has helped my sect more than you can imagine. Your so-called voidlet techniques will lead to a surge in successful breakthroughs in the Master Realm. And that Mind Palace I saw earlier…"

His eyes opened.

They fixed on Rui, sending chills down his spine.

"The wonders within it that I have borne witness to…" The Sloth Sage continued. "They would be wasted on the throne."

Wonder flashed in his lazy eyes. "Era-defining power. Era-defining knowledge. Era-defining potential."

He shook his head. "What I have seen today convinces me all the more that you must never ascend the throne. For the sake of the future of Martial Art. For the sake of the future of human civilization."

"…If you don't want me to ascend the throne, then…" Rui's eyes lit up. "…It would you do well to keep my true intentions a secret. After all…"

Rui stared at the man. "I do not intend to ascend the throne."

The Sloth Sage narrowed his eyes as he peered at Rui with his sharp senses.

He could only sense sincerity.

"I don't understand," The Sloth Sage tilted his head. "I intend to find the Divine Doctor and have him heal the Emperor of Kandria," Rui calmly declared. "The reason I'm growing my faction is to prevent any of my other princes and princesses from ascending the throne even if the Emperor passes away. I will monopolize seventy-five percent of the high-ranking government officials needed to become the ruler of Kandria."

The Sloth Sage raised an eyebrow. "…Divine Doctor. That's a name I haven't heard in a long time. So that's your play, hm?"

He narrowed his eyes. "You'll fail."

"So I've been told," Rui calmly retorted. "It's not going to stop me."

"Hm…" The Sloth Sage considered his words. "And what if you fail?"

"I swore an oath to ascend the throne, should that happen," Rui replied.

"…Well, I suppose that's how desperate the situation is," The Sloth Sage heaved a sigh. "Your chances of success are very low. If I choose to oppose you, they will reduce even more."

Rui didn't deny his words.

They were true.

"Healing the Emperor of Harmony to get him back on the throne…" The Sloth Sage heaved a sigh. "I am not opposed to that. Unlike for most others, the history of the Emperor of Harmony is within my memory. More than three hundred years ago, the Martial Union only had twenty-five Martial Masters, and the Sage Realm hadn't even been discovered yet. I was among the Martial Masters. I recall the young prince Rael approaching me many years before the civil war heated up, predicting everything that went on to happen, successfully extracting the support of the various power blocs of Kandria, including us leaders of the Martial Union, to swiftly become Emperor after he assassinated his father."

He closed his eyes. "I consider him a friend, as do most of my peers. I truly believe that no other person is worthy of ruling over this Empire that rests on a delicate balance that he has created with his own hands."

He heaved a sigh. "Frankly, I figured the Kandrian Empire was screwed the moment I learned about his illness. But it turned out that…"

His eyes turned to Rui. "…that he still had one final card to play."



Chapter 1798 Path Forward

﻿﻿The Sloth Sage shook his head. "Look at me, rambling about the distant past. Rather out of character, I must say."

He glanced at Rui. "If my fellow leaders find out, half of them will not be pleased. There is an implicit understanding that you would do Martial Art and the Martial Union more justice as Emperor than the Emperor of Harmony who focused on balancing interests as per their importance and power."

Rui didn't reply.

He simply stared at the Sloth Sage silently.

He was waiting for the Martial Sage's decision.

The man heaved a sigh.

"Alright, I'll keep it a secret. In turn, you keep my, ahem, transgressions a secret. I'll declare that you were forthright and transparent with your intentions of becoming Emperor, and I'll owe you a favor, deal?" The Sloth Sage turned to Rui lazily.

"Deal," Rui smirked. "As for the favor…I intend to have a Martial Master who is highly adept at disguise take my place while I travel in search of the Divine Doctor. She is able to fool almost all Martial Masters, but when it comes to Martial Sages…"

"I'll handle it," The Sloth Sage waved his hand lazily. "It's not particularly relevant to my field of expertise, but I can ensure that it won't get out unless something particularly unfortunate happens."

"Thanks!" Rui grinned.

He had managed to secure confidence that Master Reina wouldn't be exposed. Of course, anything was possible, but he had a reasonably high degree of confidence that the worst wouldn't unfold.N/nêw n0vel chap/ers are published o/n n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

'Now I can just focus on calmly building my faction, and then head out to the Beast Domain as early as I can,' Rui narrowed his eyes.

"Good luck with that," The Sloth Sage remarked, reminding him that he could hear his active thoughts. "Finding the Divine Doctor is going to be a particularly difficult task. Among the hardest to track, he ranks particularly high on that list."

Rui turned to the Sloth Sage. "…Any advice?"

"Going in blind is stupid," the sage remarked. "I'd say, find someone who has a connection with him. They might be able to give you more clues. I don't know how you found out that he's in the Beast Domain, but it doesn't surprise me. You still need more specific information, though. I probably don't need to tell you that."

Rui nodded.

The Beast Domain was far too large for Rui to manually search it, looking for the Divine Doctor; that was a nonsensical way to go about it.

"Someone who has a connection with the Divine Doctor, hm?" Rui narrowed his eyes. "Like who?"

"The Beggar Sage of the Beggar's Sect," The Sloth Sage shrugged. "Any of the other human sages, maybe. A Martial Transcendent could potentially help you. Good luck finding one and getting them to help you."

Rui had to admit the prospects were scarce at best.

"I'll have to think hard and long about it before I depart," Rui's eyes swam around. "I want to make sure that I have a concrete plan in mind before I begin my search for him."

It wasn't going to be easy, but he would need to discreetly search for as much information on him as he could.

He didn't have too much hope that this would yield fruit, however. He knew that his father had been looking for the Divine Doctor for many years and still failed to narrow down the man's location.

He undoubtedly employed every single manner of intelligence-gathering he had at his disposal. If Rui simply tried going down that same course of action, he would probably take even longer than his father did to find the information that he was looking for.

This meant that Rui needed to employ a method that his father had not tried, whether it was because he was unable to or hadn't thought to.

He had some potentially promising ideas.

He turned to the Sloth Sage. "Regardless, I appreciate your cooperation and advice, Your Sagehood."

The Martial Sage shrugged. "Good luck. I'll inform the union that our deliberation was a success, that the Void Prince understands our basic expectations, and that his expectations of us are also within an acceptable range. Thus, the Martial Union will extensively cooperate with him even more than to have to secure his claim on the throne of the Kandrian Empire."

"Thank you," Rui bowed his head lightly.

"Alright, I'm tired. I'm taking a nap; get out of here," The man waved his hand, and suddenly, Rui found himself standing outside of the Monastery of Mysteries.

Before he could even consider that, his four bodyguards had already arrived behind him.

Before he could even consider that, his four bodyguards had already arrived behind him.

"How did it go?" Master Ceeran asked him with concern.

"It went pretty well," Rui casually remarked. "We managed to come to a solid agreement and understanding. The Martial Union will be supporting me even more."

"That is very relieving to hear," Master Zentra remarked.

"Good going!" Master Iskan slapped him on the shoulder.

"It is definitely relieving to know that the Union will be moving as a whole," Master Vericita smiled warmly.

Rui nodded. "I have a lot of work to do. So let's get back."

He wanted to finish his faction-building goals as soon as possible. He had less than five years to find the Divine Doctor and save the Emperor. The more time he wasted, the lower the probability was that he would succeed.

He also intended to commence a search for information on the Divine Doctor employing methods that his father hadn't. His father did not have the ability to harness the Martial Union's power to find the Divine Doctor.

Rui did.

14:51

His father did not have powerful techniques such as the Angel of Laplace and the pattern recognition system of the VOID algorithm.

Rui did.

There were many possibilities that he could find what he was looking for, but many of them needed to wait until he departed from the Kandrian Empire. This was the only realistic way forward, and even then, Rui knew that it would not be easy.



Chapter 1799  First Demand



Now that he had secured the support of a Martial Sage to aid with ensuring that Master Reina didn't get exposed to other Martial Sages or extremely powerful Martial Masters, he could be a lot more assured about the security of his plan to have her take over in his stead once he essentially won the Kandrian Throne War.

'Now that I've secured the Martial Union's full cooperation, it's time to bulldoze through the competition and win seventy-five percent of high-ranking government officials,' Rui said, narrowing his eyes. With the Martial Union's support, it was going to be smooth for the most part. No government official could resist the power that the Martial Union had. Any favor, any request, any necessity or indulgence, he could have it fulfilled. If they wanted a powerful potion brewed from rare substances, then he could simply instruct several Martial Masters of the union to head down the Beast Domain and procure the required substances in exchange for that high-ranking government official's support.

In the worst-case scenario, he could employ the Martial Sages to a minor extent. And the number of things that were too difficult for a Martial Sage was quite limited and usually involved other Martial Sages.

Once Rui returned, he immediately got to work. His chief of staff had already scheduled a hundred appointments within a single month with a hundred important and distinguished individuals whom Rui personally needed to spend time with to reel over.

His life very quickly shifted as the faction-building took off in full force. In the past three months, he had merely been setting up the foundations of his faction staff and administration.

Now, he was starting the real deal.

"Who's the first appointment fixed with?" Rui asked.

"Guildmaster Bradt and Chairman Decker of the Bradt-Decker Political Venture Capital Guild, Your Highness," she quickly replied, providing him with a scheduling docket.

"Was that on purpose?"

"…Yes, Your Highness. I suspected that it would be best to begin with prospective patrons with whom you already have a history of cooperation and partnership before moving on to those you don't have any prior relationship with."

"Good thinking," Rui admitted. "It is indeed easier for me to deal with Bradt and Decker since I know them, especially the former."

He immediately headed to his office, where the two had been waiting already.

CLACK

"Apologies for the slight delay," Rui remarked as he walked into his office, immediately spotting the two of them and their bodyguards. "I've been incredibly busy with untimely matters that I could not put aside."

"Don't worry about it," Chairman Decker smiled. "You do not need to apologize," Guildmaster Bradt calmly remarked. "It is a perennial part of leadership."

Rui smiled wryly at the two of them as he took a seat. "I did expect to be approached by the two of you the moment I decided to go for the throne, but this…"

He glanced at the documents titled with the newfound guild that the two had founded. "This was unexpected, even if clever."

"It was my idea, by the way," Chairman Decker remarked with a hint of smug pride. Guildmaster Bradt stared at Rui impassively. "Collectivism, no matter what form it takes, is an age-old solution to overcoming hurdles that cannot be overcome alone."

Rui smiled, amused. "And what hurdle is it that the two of you seek to overcome?"

"The hurdle of making the best out of our patronage of you, of course," Chairman Decker remarked. "We seek to squeeze you for the best deal we can get."

"Alright, I'll let you begin," Rui remarked. "What are your demands, and what do you offer in return?"

Guildmaster Bradt pushed a file forward to Rui. "We have two broad demands; the first is a lowered ease of doing business in the Kandrian Empire. While not nearly as restrictive as the Britannian Empire or the Sekigahara Confederate, it is nowhere as libertarian as our own Shionel Confederation or the Republic of Gorteau."

Rui considered their demand while he went through the file, which expounded the precise details of their demands.

"Lowered permit and authorization requirements…lowered difficulty of credit acquisition…lowered difficulty of land acquisition…" Rui murmured. "All standard stuff. I'll consider it. I am more amenable to long-term adjustments to the Kandrian Empire's economic model, but if you're expecting anything swift and instantaneous, then I'm afraid not. The Kandrian Empire has integrated many stakeholders and power blocs into it seamlessly, thanks to my father, but the only disadvantage of that is that change comes slowly because too many people have vested interests, increasing the probability that at least one of them would find change to be detrimental."

There were some sectors that benefited from the government regulation, because it favored domestic supplier markets over foreign markets. Many international and foreign manufacturers and suppliers were reluctant to expand too heavily into the Kandrian Empire due to the ease of doing business, which, while not too bad, was not too inviting either.

"I do not wish to suddenly thrust our domestic supplier market into a world where they have to compete with seasoned veteran business tycoons like those of the Shionel Confederation," Rui replied calmly.

"You're giving us too much credit," Decker waved his hand dismissively. "You're a Kandrian, and you utterly dominated all of Shionel during the dungeon arc, didn't you?"

Rui gave him a dubious look. He didn't say it out loud, but everybody in the room knew that he was far too extraordinary to extrapolate his successes to anybody else. "I don't mind liberalizing the economy further over a span of ten years to give local and domestic Kandrian supplier markets time to adapt and change," Rui remarked. "Anything lower, and they'll be crushed by international monsters that have mastered libertarian economies." Thê sourc𝗲 of this conte/nt n/o/v/(𝒆l)bi((n))

He glanced at the two of them. "That's my bottom line. Take it or leave it."

The two glanced at each other, turning back to Rui.

"Deal."

"Good. We'll iron out all the nitty-gritty details later," Rui steepled his fingers. What is your second demand?"



Chapter 1800  Second Demand



"Our second demand is increased fiscal expenditure into gross fixed capital formation," Guildmaster Bradt answered, pushing another file to Rui, who promptly read through it.

"You're demanding a thousand-five-hundred-percent increase in gross fixed capital formation in public infrastructure?" Rui narrowed his eyes, turning to Guildmaster Bradt with a dubious expression.

"This is your demand, isn't it?"

Guildmaster Bradt didn't reply.

But his silence was deafening.

Gross fixed capital formation, or GFCF, was a macroeconomic concept that dealt with fixed capital or fixed assets. Things like state and public infrastructure, production facilities, and equipment were considered to be fixed capital. GFCF, in turn, simply measured the increase in the net value of fixed capital.

The fact that the demand specified public infrastructure, such as roads, railways, and dedicated tracks for high-speed carriages, was enough for Rui to infer that this came from Guildmaster Bradt. His company, Bradt Distribution Service, desperately relied on such infrastructure to distribute goods, services, capital, and information. After all, it was impossible to rely on carriages to transport capital when there weren't road tracks specifically designed to accommodate the rigors high-speed carriages. Rui wasn't opposed to increasing fiscal expenditure on public infrastructure and gross fixed capital formation. These were important assets to the Kandrian Empire and would certainly nourish the economy.

"Still, a thousand-five-hundred-percent increase?" Rui raised an eyebrow. "That's a bit much for a demand, don't you think?"

"It's the bare minimum," Guildmaster Bradt simply replied. "The Kandrian Empire is extremely well-connected within its massive towns such as the town of Hajin, Vargard, and the port town of Farund. But interconnectivity between these towns and across the large nation is shoddy, at best. On top of that, many of the smaller towns, villages, and settlements are entirely disconnected from travel infrastructure, increasing the cost of transport to them. If not for the Kandrian Empire's powerful Martial economy and maritime exposure due to its exposure to the Great Name Ocean, these shortcomings would be critical."

Rui knew that his reasoning was unshakable and solid.

"Cut us some slack," he grumbled softly. "The Kandrian Empire has an enormous territory and a low population density. Thus, the increase in GDP caused by gross fixed capital formation is minimal. The incentive to connect a nation as enormous as the Kandrian Empire is not as strong as it is in other nations due to how expensive it is. On top of that, there are many topographical impediments such as the Great Jrava Mountain Range, among other things."

"It is true that the incentive is lesser than it would be in smaller nations with greater population density," The guildmaster remarked. "But regardless of degree, it is always beneficial. If you intend to liberalize the economy in ten years, then expanding on public infrastructure will benefit the Kandrian Empire, besides…" V/\IssịT n0(v)eL/b(i)(n).𝘤𝑜/𝓂 for the b/est novel reading experi/en/ce

His eyes narrowed. "This is not a suggestion; it is a demand in a potential agreement, which means we are willing to compensate you for fulfilling this demand."

"Hm, true; since we have gone over your two main demands, let us hear your compensation," Rui remarked. "These are not light demands. You guys better have come prepared."

Chairman Decker smirked as Guildmaster Bradt impassively placed a single document in front of Rui.

It was a cheque statement.

Rui's eyes widened with surprise as he beheld the amount. "…One billion Shionel gold coins?!"

"Hehehe…" Chairman Decker chuckled. "Each of the many members of our political venture capital guild chipped in a chunk. This is the amount we are willing to give you if you agree to our demands."

Rui heaved a deep breath.

He was feeling a little guilty at the moment. He didn't intend to ascend the throne, and yet he was getting billions of gold coins from prospective patrons.

How pissed off would these two be if they learned about Rui's true intentions?

"…Are you serious?"

"Indeed," Guildmaster Bradt calmly remarked.

"…I'm assuming you probably didn't make such an offer to Ranea."

"Not even a third of it."

"Then why…?" Rui raised an eyebrow.

"Because of our certainty in your victory," Guildmaster Bradt impassively remarked. "I've personally witnessed what you are capable of with your own personal power and mind. I am unable to conceive your defeat in the Kandrian Throne War now that you have earned the support of the Martial Union and have successfully eliminated your four opponents without anybody realizing."

Rui smiled wryly. "Successfully eliminate? I don't know what you're talking about. They just suddenly announced the forfeiture of their bid for the throne."

Guildmaster Bradt narrowed his eyes. "You may have fooled others with that, but I know what you are capable. I knew you were responsible for their exiting of the throne war. I don't know how you managed to accomplish it, but there's no doubt in my mind that you are responsible for it."

Rui shrugged with an amused smile. "I don't know what you're talking about. Anyway, I accept your offer. One billion gold coins, and I will guarantee significant liberalization of the Kandrian economy over a ten-year span and sixteen times the fiscal expenditure into GFCF. Deal?"

The two looked quite pleased with this outcome. "Deal."

"Great, I'll have my legal division whip up the contract as soon as possible," Rui remarked. "Stick around the Kandrian Empire until then."

"I have some personal business to attend to," Chairman Decker remarked. "As do I," Guildmaster Bradt. "While this is our initial agreement, I hope you'll be open to additional arrangements in the future."

"Of course," Rui smiled. "I did have a favor to ask of you in particular, Guildmaster."

The man stared at Rui impassively.

"I seek any and all information on the human sages of human civilization that you have," Rui remarked. "I am aware that the Bradt Distribution Service engages in information distribution rather than information brokering, but I am sure you nonetheless have a very powerful intelligence-gathering capacity that is unique to you due to the nature of your business. Help me find the Scrier, the Marine, the Divine Doctor, the Beggar Sage, and the various other mythical humans who have left their mark in history."



