Chapter 2010 The Truth

Yet, his proposition was sound despite his insane antics.

Rui closed his eyes as he considered the commission that the Divine Doctor had made of him.

A commission to help the Divine Doctor with the diagnosis of Gaia's alleged illness. As the sole Martial Master in the entire world who had gained the enlightenment of the Tree of Life, Rui was the only Martial Master who could help the

It was an appealing commission.

It was true that Rui needed to expose himself to the world to truly fulfill Project Water in an absolute sense. Thus, he did not need to derail his life in order to fulfill the Divine Doctor's commission.

Furthermore, the Divine Doctor had specified that there were absolutely no limiting conditions on the commission as long as Rui helped him find the diagnosis.

Not even time was a limiting factor since the Divine Doctor had an eternity ahead of him. He had extreme patience, psychologically speaking. This was a man who saw no problem with spending more than a decade traveling through the Beast Domain by foot to reach the Mellow in the south, a journey that had taken Rui and Kane three months.

He wouldn't mind if Rui took more than a century to fulfill this commission.

In other words, it was so loose and relaxed that it could hardly be called a commission.

Additionally, Rui knew that accepting this commission was necessary to get the Divine Doctor to remain in Kandria as a citizen and a practicing doctor in return for both the Silas Clan's services and the Elder Tree communication network.

If the doctor remained, it would benefit all of Kandria. All of the people in his life that he cared about could indirectly benefit significantly. He could make sure the children and people of the orphanage were in optimal health. He could potentially get Julian an apprenticeship with the greatest doctor in all of Panama.

Who knew? The Divine Doctor could potentially help him with integrating Primordial Seed into his body with his extraordinary medical knowledge and capabilities.

"…If you're willing to accept a small favor every now and then, sure," Rui casually replied. "I'll accept your commission."

Kandria was far too much of a safe space.

It was also an extremely small fraction of all of Panama and Gaia. While he had explored a decent amount of the world during his self-imposed exile from the Kandrian Empire for about eight years after leaving the Shionel Confederation, it was still just a fraction of everything Gaia had to offer.

Thus, he ultimately decided that the commission didn't take away anything from him and gave him far too much to reject it.

"Now then." Rui narrowed his eyes. "Tell me, how does the soul transference ritual work? How does it transfer the soul from one body to another body? What are its requirements and principles? Most importantly, what can it tell me about the person or people who performed the soul transference ritual on me?"

The maniacal grin on the Divine Doctor's face.

It widened, warping his entire face in madness.

The glint of insanity within the depths of the Divine Doctor's eyes only grew more intense.

"…Haha…" A shaky laugh escaped him. "Hahaha…"

Rui frowned.

"HAHAHAHAHAHAAAAAARRGRHHHHH!!!" The man broke out into a maniacal laughter as his hands pressed against his head. "HAHAHAHAAAAA!!!"

The air boiled with tension as the Divine Doctor grew more unhinged.

His mannerisms degenerated to the verge of insanity.

His eyes twitched as his hands shook.

His laughter only grew more maddening and maniacal.

For the first time in his life, Rui felt truly fearful of a mere human.

"Tell me…" The Divine Doctor's voice quivered. "What do you think a soul is?"

Rui shrugged lightly. "Like a wispy transparent blob with the appearance of the physical body."

It was the classic portrayal of a soul in fiction; it was almost impossible to think of souls with that image in mind, considering how universal it was.

"Fool." The Divine Doctor sneered with derision.

Rui's eyes sharpened with severity. "Excuse me?"

"There is no such thing as a soul," the Divine Doctor grew more excited. "It doesn't exist. There is no blob of energy that contains the sum totality of the information characterizing a person. It does not exist. It cannot exist! The mind cannot exist outside of the body for it is deeply interwoven with the body. The endocrine system controls emotions, the nervous system lies at the root of all experience and agency of the mind, and each of the various systems of the physical body is responsible for shaping and controlling the mind. For controlling the very essence of who you are as a being. When a body dies, that person truly dies then and there."

"Wait…" Rui's eyes widened with fear. "What are you saying? Doesn't that mean…?"

"Correct," the Divine Doctor's sneer of amusement grew wider as a glint of madness flashed in the depths of the man's eyes. "The soul transference ritual does not transfer souls."

His maniacal grin of insanity only grew wider. "I never cured death. Or, should I say, the Divine Doctor never cured death. He had tried, but he failed. What he created was not reincarnation or immortality, but merely a means of passing on his will and memories."

Horror emerged within the depths of Rui's eyes as realization dawned on him.

"Calling it the 'soul transference' ritual was the Beggar Sage's idea," the Divine Doctor grew more excited as he revealed the truth to Rui. "To convince others of it; after all, nobody would ever choose to go through the soul transference ritual if they understood what it actually was. What it truly was."

"What…?" A single whisper escaped Rui as he stared at the Divine Doctor with unadulterated horror. "What are you saying…?"

"Tell me," the Divine Doctor's smile widened even deeper as anticipation lit up in his eyes. "What was your previous name?"

"…John. John Falken." A whisper barely escaped Rui as he stared at the Divine Doctor, frozen in horror.

The man walked up to him, putting a hand on his shoulder with a pleasant smile as he stared deep into Rui's eyes.

"You are not John Falken."

His smile grew cruel.

"You were never John Falken."

His smile grew sadistic.

"You are simply a victim."

His voice was filled with derision.

"A victim of brainwashing."

Ecstasy lit up in the Divine Doctor's eyes as he arrived at the whole truth.

"A brainwashed victim who was deluded to believe that he is John Falken. Brainwashed to believe that he was ever John Falken. Brainwashed with the memories of John Falken implanted into your mind through advanced hypnosis developed by the Psycher. You are not John Falken. You were never John Falken. And you will never be John Falken."

His eyes bore deeply into Rui's eyes as a single question escaped him.

"Who are you?"

RUMBLE!!!

The world roared as heaven and earth shuddered.

For the first time in his life, Rui's Martial Drive shook, threatening to collapse.

-



Chapter 2011  Deluded Inheritor



The very foundation of who Rui was had been shaken to its very roots.

The words of the Divine Doctor were more painful than anything he had ever experienced in his entire life.

Pure horror erupted from within the depths of Rui's heart at the revelation.

RUMBLE!!!

Heaven and earth shook as the world mourned alongside him.

A single quivering whisper escaped him.

"I'm not John Falken…?" The light of terror lit up in his eyes as his body shivered, entering a state of shock.

The very root of his identity had been ripped out.

Ripped out with apathetic cruelty.

"Correct," the Divine Doctor grinned with amusement. "The soul transference ritual is a method created by the Beggar Sage, the Psycher, and, of course, the Divine Doctor. We each play an equally important role in the ritual. I handle all of the creation and production of the vessel with the goal of reducing the probability of incompatibility between psychology and physiology. I adjust all anatomical, physiological, and biochemical parameters to be close to that of the original's body. My skills are so supreme that the impossible becomes not only possible but plausible."

Rui stared at him with raw horror, frozen in shock.

"The Psycher handles the optimizing mental states for the vessels. Using his extraordinary understanding of mind, he puts both the donor and inheritor vessels into truly extraordinarily deep trances, certainly vastly deeper than this dungeon or Martial Artists do, without which extracting every memory is absolutely impossible." The Divine Doctor's tone was clinical. "The Beggar Sage is the greatest genius of information, knowledge, and epistemology. He handles the transference of information. You cannot even begin to fathom how extraordinarily difficult it is to transfer the actual information of memories. The soul transference ritual is an impossible miracle that can only occur when the three of us pool in our extraordinary prowess together. And yet…"

He stared at Rui with fascination. "…here lies an inheritor we never created."

He turned away from Rui as his eyes wandered about with curiosity. "It certainly isn't possible for this to have naturally occurred. If it was done by a conscious agent, then they either independently arrived at the soul transference ritual or…"

His eyes grew more intense. "…or stole it from us. Yet, just knowing the means and mechanics isn't enough; without our skills, the ritual would be impossible. Or so I thought…"

He turned back to Rui with curious eyes.

"This is impossible…" Rui whispered. "This cannot be. I am John Falken! There is absolutely no way that I'm not!"

The Divine Doctor laughed.

He laughed heartily.

He laughed heartily at the symphony of Rui's despair and denial.

He laughed heartily even as Rui glared at him with murderous rage.

RUMBLE n/ô/vel/b//in dot c//om

"You." A horrifying amount of rage and bloodlust emerged from within the depths of Rui's eyes. "I will kill you."

His voice distorted with hellish fury.

The very world is distorted under the maelstrom of Rui's emotional distress.

"I will kill you."

Yet, the Divine Doctor only laughed harder. "Fool. Do you really think death means anything to me? Think about what I have just informed you. I am not the Divine Doctor. I am simply a quasi-clone who is subconsciously convinced he is the Divine Doctor to prevent the inevitable subconscious psychological distress that emerges with identity discrepancy. Even if you kill me, my death will only activate the many other quasi-clones kept in stasis throughout Panama."

At that moment, the avalanche of rage and bloodlust disappeared as horror lit up within the depths of Rui's eyes. "Other quasi-clones…?"

"Correct." The Divine Doctor sneered. "As of this moment, two-hundred and fifty-six inheritors of the Divine Doctor exist. Spread across Panama and beyond in the Great Island Belt. How do you think I survived death from Martial Sages? They can use their nation-wiping power all they want, but they can never kill the Divine Doctor's legacy. Even if they kill any particular inheritor vessel, another shall take its place. Do you see, little deluded inheritor?"

The Divine Doctor smiled cruelly. "This is even more powerful than immortality. This is eternity. The Divine Doctor's legacy is infinitely more meaningful than his life. Death is as meaningless as it is inevitable. All materia must come to an end, but information…"

He tapped his head. "Information is not shackled by causality. That is why you may kill me if you wish; it does not take away anything from me. But, if you kill me…"

He sneered. "Who's going heal your father?"

Rui glared at him with hatred.

His eyes flickered with horror, rage, and a maelstrom of other emotions.

Yet, in spite of the emotional distress that stirred within the depths of his heart, a spark of rationality remained.

He could not kill the Divine Doctor.

He could not do that.

He simply could not.

It would undermine everything he had worked hard for.

It would undermine everything in the past five years. Three years of a voyage through the Beast Domain and two years of preparation in the Mellow Manifold would be rendered utterly meaningless.

He simply could not do that.

At the very least, he needed to heal his father. Perhaps after that, he could kill him?

Yet, the thought of that simply brought him more misery.

It was a tantrum.

The man had simply told him the truth. The very truth that Rui had asked him for and negotiated for.

What was the point of getting angry at him?

Who was he to get angry with him?

Who was he?

RUMBLE

The world shook.

Horror, terror, rage, despair, and misery converged within the depths of his mind.

They converged into a singularity of extraordinary emotional intensity.

And then, they exploded.

"AAAARGRGRGRHAGRHAHRGRHRHRGARGRH!!!" A horrifying eruption of emotion washed over the entirety of the Mellow Manifold as the weight of the revelations of the Divine Doctor truly settled inside his mind.

And they were too much.

His condition had originally been very poor because of the battle with the chimera; he simply could not handle the emotional distress that had been brought about by the Divine Doctor's revelations.

His eyes rolled upwards as his body loosened.

THUD

He collapsed unconscious.

The Divine Doctor studied him for a moment before making the prudent decision to heal him to absolute perfection.

"This inheritor is of extremely high value to the Divine Doctor even if he definitely will never break through to the Sage Realm..."

-



Chapter 2012  Motherly Involvement



An eternity passed.

Or at least, that was how Rui felt when he opened his eyes. An eternity may as well have passed.

For a moment, he couldn't remember.

He couldn't remember where he was.

He couldn't remember the last thing he remembered.

His blurred version grew clearer as he saw the sky.

The sky of the manifold.

His eyes widened as his recollection came through, triggered by the visual stimulus.

Two years worth of memories flooded through his mind as he recollected his entering the dungeon, his meeting with the Divine Doctor, the two years of preparation for Operation Prisonbreak, his battle and breakthrough against the Chimera, and, of course…

"…Who am I?"

His Martial Drive shuddered at the question. His eyes were vacant.

Hollow.

His body loosened as he felt like a walking corpse.

Not even the inheritance of the Elder Tree made him feel that way. His Martial Drive had protected him from the worst of the inheritance, merely causing him to suffer a drastic shift in emotional quotient.

Yet, the Divine Doctor's words had struck him harder than anything the Elder Tree could have ever mustered up.

It attacked the very root of his drive.

The very root of who he was.

All this time, he thought he was the actual entity of John Falken himself, continuing his life past death after being reborn in a new body. Yet, the information provided by the Divine Doctor, or the inheritor of the Divine Doctor, had shattered this very foundation at the center of his identity.

He was not John Falken.

He was a man of Gaia who, as a newborn baby, had been brainwashed with the memories of John Falken from another world.

"…Is John Falken even real? Was Earth ever real?"

His hazy eyes grew steely as a faint hint of certainty lit up within the depths of his uncertain eyes. "No." His voice grew a little more confident. "John Falken was real. Earth is real. The probability that they didn't exist is astronomically low."

There was far too much internal and external coherence in his memories for them to be conceivably fabricated. Additionally, the knowledge that he had learned and researched throughout his entire life was extremely consistent with reality. The probability that they were fiction was so unfathomably low that it could be dismissed out of hand.

Thus, unless he was truly confronted with supernatural and extraordinary evidence, he was inclined to believe that Earth was real.

If that was the case, then someone had taken John Falken's memories after he died and then brainwashed fetus Rui with all his memories to believe that he was John Falken.

If someone hadn't done that, Rui Quarrier would have gone on to become someone else. Rui would have grown to become an entirely different person with a different life, different emotions, temperament, and personality, and different goals, ambitions, and aspirations.

All of that had been snuffed out the moment the fetus Rui had been brainwashed and hypnotized.

"But how…?" He couldn't fathom how.

It was truly incomprehensible to its very root.

According to the descriptions of the Divine Doctor, the soul transference ritual required an extraordinary amount of preparation, resources, and active involvement from three supergeniuses.

How on Gaia did such a thing happen without anybody noticing?

It made no sense!

"Wait…" Pure horror erupted within the depths of Rui's metaphorical soul. "…My mother."

According to his grandmother, his name, bestowed by his mother, meant 'reincarnated' in the Silas Dialect.

He had already concluded that this was strong evidence that she knew that he was a reincarnated being, yet, now he realized that there was another possibility in light of the new information that he had been confronted with.

"Was my mother involved with my soul transference ritual?" Pure terror lit up in Rui's eyes at the thought of this bone-chilling possibility. Did his mother truly consent to having her unborn child be brainwashed and hypnotized in her womb with the memories of another man?

"Huff…huff…huff…" n/o/vel/b//in dot c//om

His heart rate accelerated as his breathing grew heavier.

He felt as though someone was choking him.

As though someone was suffocating him, snuffing his heart.

As though his own mother was squeezing the life out of him.

He didn't know.

He couldn't know.

How could he possibly know?

Yet, it was this uncertainty that was the most horrifying part. Who was his mother?

Was she a monster who erased the potential identity of her child with a prepared identity from another world and another man? Was she uninvolved? She certainly knew; what did she do with that knowledge? Where did that knowledge even come from if she herself was not involved?

He didn't know.

He didn't know who she was.

He didn't know who he was.

He didn't know anything.

"Rui?"

Kane's voice shook him, breaking him out of his stupor.

Rui became suddenly became aware of material reality.

"Kane…" He whispered, heaving a sigh. "You're awake."

Kane snorted. "Those should be my words. You slept for three days!"

Rui's eyes widened. "…What?"

"Yeah, doc said your injuries were grave, and for maximally optimal recovery, it was best that you remained unconscious, allowing your body to dedicate all its resources to objectively optimal health or something like that, so he fed you some gross concoction to keep you asleep."

Rui sat up slowly, glancing at his hands and body for the first time since he regained consciousness. He had been so emotionally immersed in his thoughts that he deigned to ignore his material conditions.

Although his mind was a mess, his body was the very opposite.

It was pristine and brand-new.

It felt extraordinarily rejuvenated, energetic, and powerful from within his depths all the way to the outside. Every cell across his body roared with life and vigor, working hard to fulfill their minute but important role in the microcosm that was his body.

He had never ever felt this good physically in his entire life.

"In fact…" He murmured, stunned. "…My body feels more powerful than it ever has."

"Yeah." Kane grinned. "He said he took the liberty to make some optimizations to our Martial Bodies."

-



Chapter 2013 Psychology and Philosophy of Identity

﻿﻿Not even the very finest state-of-the-art and cutting-edge recovery and medical treatments of the Martial Union had ever made his body feel this good in its entire life!

The fact that the Divine Doctor could produce an outcome

Unfortunately, not even the immense physical pleasure and bodily satisfaction could possibly fill a gaping void in the depths of his eyes.

His mouth curled as a sharp question escaped him.

"What else did he tell you?"

Kane's expression darkened. "…He told me everything. Congratulations on your breakthrough to the Master Realm, but…"

His expression grew more grave. "…I can understand if you're not in the mood to celebrate that."

Kane's voice faltered.

He truly didn't know what to say.

He didn't even know what to think.

He had learned about Rui's past life in another world two years ago.

Over the past two years, he had fully accepted that his best friend was a man from another world with another life.

Now, however, that had been undone after the Divine Doctor informed him of the truth.

While the impact the truth had on him was nowhere near as devastating as the one it had on Rui, he, too, was truly shell-shocked into silence. He was glad Rui had been unconscious for three days because it gave him some time to think and prepare to help his friend when he did wake up.

"…I can't imagine how you must be feeling. I can't imagine how you must have felt, but if there's anythi—"

"—Kane." Rui cut him off, slowly turning towards him.

The air grew tense.

It grew tense as endless darkness swirled within the depths of Rui's eyes.

A void.

"…Yeah?" Kane gulped.

"Who am I?"

Rui's voice was chilling.

It was a simple question.

Yet, the answer was perhaps the most complicated a question could ever have.

"You have all the memories of John Falken," Kane insisted. "How is that any different from a soul being reincarnated? They're literally the same thing!"

Rui stared at Kane impassively, lightly scoffing at his attempt at philosophy and psychology.

However, the intent and the effort counted.

He appreciated Kane's efforts at giving him what he had lost.

Alas, if the solution had been that simple, he would have never lost it in the first place.

"Mind is far comprised of far more information than memories alone, Kane."

His voice was hollow.

Empty.

"…What do you mean?" Kane furrowed his eyebrows. "A person is their memories, right? We're all born with blank slates. And then our memories and experiences define and shape us. Thus, implanting John Falken's memories and experiences into someone's mind is no different from implanting John Falken's mind or soul or identity or whatever into that person. That is identical to reincarnation."

Rui closed his eyes.

"We're all born with blank slates, you say?"

"…Aren't we?" Kane frowned.

Rui's eyes as he met Kane's gaze.

A single remark escaped him.

"No." His voice grew cold. "No, we are not."

Kane tilted his head in confusion.

"If you think newborn infants are blank slates, I'm afraid you're sorely mistaken. There are countless pre-

determined neurological and psychological parameters, including but not limited to psychogenetic temperamental and personality inclinations, whether you are inclined towards being open, agreeable, neurotic, conscientious, or extraverted. Additionally, there are pre-determined genetic factors in neurology and endocrinology as well, such as pre-

determined thresholds for the release of neurotransmitters such as dopamine, serotonin, and oxytocin. All of these countless parameters and variables are different for each newborn baby. So no, newborn babies are not blank slates such that only memories and experiences shape identity. These neurogenetic, psychogenetic, and other genetic traits also shape identity just as much as memories and experiences do."

Kane stared at him, speechless, utterly confounded by everything Rui had just said.

"If you were to implant John Falken's memories in one million babies, each and every single one of those million babies would become entirely different people altogether with entirely different minds," Rui's voice was as clinical as the Divine Doctor's. "Some John Falken babies would become psychopaths or school shooters due to the bullying that John Falken suffered as a kid due to genetically being high on the anti-social personality disorder spectrum. Some of those babies would become horrible people due to genetically high trait disagreeableness. Some babies would become saints. Most babies would turn out normal-ish, but all of them would be very different from each other as people and would have very different minds and different behaviors despite being implanted with the same memories. They would all be very different from the original John Falken, with different emotions, desires, goals, and ambitions. Essentially, different people from the original John Falken."

Rui stared at Kane impassively. "Can you say all those babies implanted with John Falken's memories are John Falken? Or even the same people in identity?"

Kane was stunned silent.

"…Not to mention," Rui huffed. "That was just genetic differences alone. I haven't even talked about environmental differences and how those differences lead to different identities. Environments play an enormous role in shaping who you are."

There was a vast field of psychological research that demonstrated that genetics and physicality, environment, and exposure all played an enormous role in shaping identity and mind.

As much as Rui would love to believe that identity was solely and exclusively memories alone, he knew that that was simply not true. It was one of three major factors that affected identity.

"That's just scientific issues with your argument," Rui remarked. "I haven't even talked about the philosophical problems with the proposition of identity-

equals-memory. There's a reason that the philosophy of identity within ontology and metaphysics has existed for thousands of years, with thousands of philosophers debating what identity is and developing many schools of thought about exactly what identity is. If the answer to the question of what identity is, if such an answer even exists, was simply equating it to memory, then a vast field of philosophy would uld have never existed in the first place."

Rui gazed at his hands, clenching them into fists. "…I don't know who I am, but I do know one thing."

His eyes sharpened with steely determination. "If knowing who I am is needed for fulfilling Project Water, then I will discover who I am, no matter what."

-



Chapter 2014 A Significant Question



Kane frowned at Rui's words. "What does your identity issue have to do with impeding Project Water?"

"…I don't know," Rui admitted.

Kane stared at him, confused.

"I don't know what it has to do with Project Water," Rui elaborated. "But I do have strong reasons to think that it has something to do with it."

"…Like what?"

Rui's eyes turned back to Kane. "…One of the things that my grandmother's prophecy before we left Kandria foresaw was the Divine Doctor asking me, 'Who are you?'"

Kane's eyes widened with surprise. "You mean that you knew that all of this was going to happen?"

Rui shook his head impassively. "…I didn't know that this specifically would happen. All I saw and heard in the prophecy was the Divine Doctor asking me that question. I didn't have any other context. More importantly, my grandmother's reaction to it was… strange."

Kane tilted his head. "How so?"

"…She acted as though that question meant something to her." Rui narrowed his eyes. "She muttered something like 'meddling unnecessarily.'"

Kane's eyebrows furrowed with surprise. "You mean to say your grandmother may have known your true identity all this time? No, not just your true identity, but the truth about how 'you' came to this world?

It was a possibility that Rui didn't have evidence to deny, but…

"…I would be surprised if she did know, it wouldn't make sense," Rui remarked, sharpening his gaze as his mind coursed through various memories of conversations with his grandmother. "Firstly, she's straightforward and blunt; she's my grandmother, too. Had she known, she would have just told me. She wouldn't have kept it a secret. Secondly, she found my name to be quite strange. She said it meant 'reincarnated.' If she truly knew the truth, she would not have reacted the way that she did."

"Is that what your name means in the Silas Dialect?" Kane's eyes widened with shock. "Doesn't that mean your mom…?"

"Yeah…" Rui's eyes darkened. "But my grandmother most likely doesn't know. This means that the question 'Who are you?' had some other meaning or relevance to her that was different from what the Divine Doctor actually meant when he did ask me that a few days ago."

Rui felt remarkably confident about this particular inference. He felt like he had stumbled onto something important.

"I suspect that…" His eyes narrowed. "…it has something to do with making progress in the Upper Realms."

"…Who are you…" Kane murmured to himself. "How can such a question possibly be relevant to Martial Art? If it is relevant, then man, I am not going to make it far."

A fleeting smile cracked at the edge of Rui's mouth.

He had to admit that that sentiment was something he felt too.

Regardless of whether he was Rui, John, some bizarre combination, or someone else entirely, the Divine Doctor's revelations complicated his situation undoubtedly. Before, he felt like he was John continuing his path in a new life. Now, he had lost that simplicity and comfort.

"Maybe the Divine Doctor was lying?" Kane asked with a hopeful expression. "Wouldn't it be prudent to not put so much weight in his words?"

His words made sense. Unfortunately, he was unconscious when all of it happened, and he didn't know all of the details.

"It's not that I have extraordinary faith and trust in him, no." Rui shook his head. "I have reason and evidence to believe that his explanation is highly credible. For one, he made an accurate inference based on the explanation. If a theory leads to verifiably accurate predictions, then one can have high confidence that it is more truthful than other theories that don't. It explains much and is backed by evidence more than anything else. It's also a better explanation than 'souls,' the existence of which has never been proven or demonstrated scientifically. Information, brainwashing, and hypnosis, however, are all extremely real."

Rui approached the matter through scientific inquiry. He had tentatively accepted the theory of souls as a placeholder for an explanation, but now that he had arrived at an actual mechanism that made accurate predictions for why he was the way he was, the scientist in him was willing to accept it as an extremely well-founded explanation.

He would need even more powerful evidence to displace it as the accepted theory for his 'reincarnation.'

"Does it really matter who you 'technically' are?" Kane pondered. "You have a past, present, and future, you know? You have people you care about, who care about you, things you want to do. Things you have to do. How much does it matter what the correct 'label' on you is?"

Rui stirred at that question.

It was pertinent and got to the heart of the issue.

Yet, it wasn't that simple.

The atmosphere tingled as Rui closed his eyes.

"…All my life, I thought Project Water was born of me and came along with me from one life to another," he whispered. "Now, I am confronted with powerful evidence that it was passed on to me from a being who died before Rui Quarrier was born. Nothing causally traveled from John to Rui like a soul. There was no ball of energy and information containing my whole mind and my whole identity. We are causally disconnected. That…"

Rui had no words to describe it.

The belief that Project Water was his creation. His child. His efforts. It was truly his. These beliefs were at the foundation of a lot of things.

Now, he felt as though it was yanked out from underneath all of that.

To him, it had been no different from telling a mother that the child that she had given birth to and had raised all her life had never existed, and all her memories of it were brainwashed and hypnotized into her.

How was one supposed to maintain their composure?

The sheer shock had overwhelmed him in the heat of the moment.

His Martial Path and the drive to fulfill it had been of ineffable importance to him. After all, he once attacked a Martial Sage with bloodlust when the Sage negated his Martial Drive for just a moment.

The Divine Doctor's revelations were one thousand times worse, causing him to be overwhelmed momentarily.

"…You're not going to stop pursuing your Martial Path, Project Water, right?" Kane's eyes lit up with alarm.

Then, and only then, did certainty return to Rui's eyes.

A single answer escaped him.

"No."

-

Comment

14

View All

Post your first comment!

49

1

Vote

Fandom

Send Gift

n/ô/vel/b//in dot c//om



Chapter 2015 Unable



"…That was more confident than I had expected."

"The question is a bit invalid," Rui replied calmly.

His tone was solid.

Unyielding.

"I feel as though... I cannot stop pursuing my Martial Path. I physically cannot stop pursuing Project Water," he murmured lightly. "It is an inability."

Kane frowned. "What do you mean? Isn't pursuing Project Water a choice?"

"I used to think so…" He closed his eyes. "…until three days ago."

Kane furrowed his eyebrows in confusion. "I don't follow."

"My drive to pursue my Martial Path shook at the revelation but…" His eyes opened slowly. "…it didn't break."

Kane stared at him uncertainly.

Rui's eyes turned to him, meeting his gaze.

Within their depths stirred an endless darkness.

A void.

A single question escaped him.

"Do you know what I think that means?"

The air tingled.

It grew more tense.

It grew taut.

A soft smile emerged on Rui's face.

"It means that…" He closed his eyes. "…not even the revelation that my Martial Drive was not my own choice was able to make me choose otherwise."

Kane's eyes widened with shock as he finally understood what Rui was saying. "You…"

"That's right."

Rui's eyes grew more intense.

"I don't think it's a choice, at least not anymore." He gazed at his own hands.

He balled them into powerful fists. "It feels like it is beyond choice. Beyond my choice. I cannot stop. I am unable to stop. When I try imagining a life without my Martial Drive, my mind yields nothingness. Do you understand?"

A profound intensity accompanied his voice as he turned to Kane.

"I am not able to stop pursuing my Martial Path anymore than you are able to stop breathing."

"…Breathing?"

Rui nodded.

"Can you permanently stop breathing by choice?"

Kane's eyes widened with shock.

The answer was obviously not.

Breathing, while within conscious control, was not something that could permanently be stopped by choice.

No matter how hard one tried, the subconscious mind wrested away control from the conscious mind above a certain threshold and reflexively commenced breathing. It was impossible to stop breathing by choice.

"...That's absurd." Kane stared at him with shock.

"Project Water…" A bittersweet smile appeared on Rui's face. "…is something I cannot stop striving for. Every time I try, it's no different from trying to stop breathing. It is no different from trying to stop my heart from beating by choice." n/ô/vel/b//in dot c//om

His words sent shivers down Kane's spine.

"You…" Kane gazed at him, stunned into sheer silence.

A Martial Drive that was so incredibly powerful that it transcended conscious choice and was even more unshakable than breathing?

He had never heard of something like that in his entire life.

He had never heard of such an absurdly powerful choice.

He knew that Martial Drives were the fundamental driving force for progress down one's Martial Path. The stronger it was and the greater its scope, the further down one was likely to go.

How far would a man whose Martial Drive was stronger than the drive to breathe go?

Just what kinds of feats would such a person achieve?

Kane thought he had reached the end of the rope of how surprised he could get when it came to Martial Art and Rui once Rui shattered the record for the youngest Martial Master at the age of thirty-seven.

Yet, he was wrong.

In that moment, a single truth became clear to him.

"I don't think you'd stop pursuing your Martial Path even if you stopped breathing."

A soft smirk cracked at the edge of Rui's mouth. "Still… I don't know how far I'll go. Or whether I'll be able to master Project Water."

If 'who are you?' had some relevance to it in the higher Realms, then he suspected that he was truly in for a rough time crossing this hurdle.

Regardless, it was no longer relevant at the moment.

"Huff…" He heaved a sigh before finally turning around and actually beholding his environment fully since waking up.

"This…" Rui muttered as he eyed the shoddy sticks and leaves formed around him. "This is the Divine Doctor's makeshift hut…"

"Yeah." Kane nodded. "You needed a place to rest, after all…"

Rui glanced in the direction of the core of the Mellow Dungeon.

What was shrouded in darkness to the senses of a Martial Senior before was all but transparent to his gaze now.

From dozens of kilometers away, he beheld the Divine Doctor studying the alien flora lifeform. He had all but forgotten about Rui once the fascination for the revelations surrounding him wore off.

"Has he delayed dispelling the manifold because I was unconscious or because he wanted to study the alien lifeform?" Rui frowned.

"Both, I think." Kane shrugged. "…By the way, I forgot to ask since there were important matters, but why are you shouting? Are you doing that on purpose?"

"…Ah." Rui grew self-conscious. "No. It's just something from the breakthrough to the master Realm that increased the volume of my voice."

"That's really weird," Kane frowned.

"…Its efficiency of sound generation by my larynx," Rui calmly informed him.

Ever since he broke through to the Master Realm, it was as though the sheer cognition of his Martial Mind allowed him to preserve an enormous amount of energy that would otherwise be wasted.

Mechanical systems grew less wasteful with more computing power due to consequently more efficient choices. Even with his Martial Mind mostly passive at the moment, his efficiency in the systems of his body had grown tremendously. Even when he was speaking normally, his sound generation had risen to a level where he was basically shouting.

"I'm guessing every Martial Master must go through a phase of readjustment to reduce their effort because their efficiency has risen," Rui muttered impassively. "…Is this better?"

Rui started whispering.

"Yeah, that's perfect." Kane threw him a thumbs-up. "…Alright, so now what?

Rui considered the question before turning back in the direction of the core.

"I've had enough of this place. It's time to get out of here."

-



Chapter 2016 An Opportunity

﻿﻿The chat with Kane had helped Rui gather his thoughts and regain his composure. The shock of the revelation had initially been truly overwhelming.

Not even the emotional desensitization of the inheritance of the Elder Tree had helped. He had been emotionally desensitized to external stimuli of pain and pleasure and surrounding emotions.

It didn't protect him against internal stimuli such as the realization that his drive had not been his own, that his memories were that of a dead man of another world.

Yet, in hindsight, he was grateful to have learned the truth.

It taught him an important lesson.

His drive would not yield even if its very foundations were ripped apart from under it. It was so powerful that it had embedded itself deep into Rui's conscious and subconscious mind.

It didn't matter if it came from another person.

It didn't matter even if it were somehow pure fiction.

Rui would make it reality.

And frankly, that was all that mattered, for now.

Who was he?

He still didn't know how to answer that anymore.

Of course, if knowing it wasn't necessary for fulfilling Project Water, then he wouldn't bother.

But, and he suspected that this was the case, if it was required to reach higher Realms, then he would fulfill this condition no matter what.

For now, however, it was time to get out of this place.

"Let's go." Rui narrowed his eyes as he snapped his fingers.

WHOOSH

The world around them flashed away as Rui effortlessly bent heaven and earth to propel them forward at tremendous speeds. With a simple gesture, he could not just unleash immense power, but employ it with nigh-absolute efficiency.

STEP

In seconds, they had already arrived at the core of the dungeon.

"You..." Kane's eyes widened with shock at Rui's newfound power.

Yet, Rui's attention had fully turned to the Divine Doctor.

The man hadn't even noticed their arrival.

He sat before the alien flora lifeform, studying it with a wide variety of artifacts and tools.

"Incredible..." he constantly muttered to himself. "...Truly."

WHOOSH

Rui effortlessly bent heaven and earth to hide the alien flora lifeform in an opaque shell of air and soil.

The Divine Doctor's eyes slowly shifted towards Rui with clinical regard. "Quite the way to express your gratitude to me for saving your life and enhancing your Martial Body."

Rui's eyes sharpened.

His perspective on the Divine Doctor had changed.

This man was just a vessel of information from the original Divine Doctor's mind and the minds of the Divine Doctor inheritors before him.

On top of that, while Rui could sense Kane's emotions very clearly thanks to the newfound quasi-mental sense of the Martial Mind, he couldn't sense anything from the Divine Doctor.

It was to be expected considering that not even the Elder Tree could sense it.

"Thank you." Rui's tone was impassive, albeit sincere. "However, the point of Operation Prisonbreak was to escape, not to spend the rest of our lives studying this admittedly fascinating alien specimen."

"I had no intention of doing the latter," the Divine Doctor smiled. "I am anxious to return to the Human Domain and conduct a soul transference data save. The memories of this particular vessel are priceless and must be preserved immediately."

His words were unnerving. He seemed to treat himself like a disposable pawn, which Rui found unsettling.

"However," he added, "there are some issues."

Rui's expression grew graver. "Don't tell me we cannot leave."

"We can, but the second I uproot the source of the manifold, all the land and water within this manifold will be exposed to the outside world. And that will attract the attention and interest of all the Master-level beasts in the surrounding Master-level regions."

Rui instantly understood everything the Divine Doctor was getting at. "The Mellow Dungeon grows more bountiful and resourceful the closer one gets to its core, where it is rich enough to attract even Master-level beasts."

The second they opened the Mellow Manifold, it would attract the attention of all surrounding Master-level beasts, who would be drawn towards the center of the open dungeon as all beasts in it were.

The three of them were at the core of the dungeon.

In other words, the moment the dungeon opened, they would be attacked by all Master-level beasts from all directions.

"That's why you waited for me to wake up."

"Correct."

Without Rui awake, the Divine Doctor and Kane would never be able to escape alive with all those Master-level beasts converging onto them at extraordinarily rapid speeds.

Previously, the prospect of facing several Master-level beasts would have chilled his bones, yet now—

The Divine Doctor and Kane froze as unfathomable power erupted from deep within Rui.

"Let them come."

His tone was steely.

Confidence and certainty radiated from every spec of his being.

"The chimera was too weak to allow me to test the limits of my newfound power."

With a single gesture of exertion, he had negated its greatest attack.

With a second exertion, it had died on the spot.

It had been unsatisfying.

Unenlightening.

It hadn't shown him his limits.

That was why he had absolutely no idea what he was capable of and wasn't.

"But you aren't accustomed to the power of the Master Realm, are you?" Kane asked with concern.

"That's not how it works with the Master Realm," Rui calmly remarked. "I have not gained any additional power. My net raw power is the same, I'm just orders of magnitude more efficient. With my Martial Mind, however, I can use all my systems of thought simultaneously with absolutely no restraint or limitations whatsoever."

Not even the original Angell of Laplace was stressful anymore.

Rui's mind was a computer. Together with his Martial Mind, it was a supercomputer. A supercomputer with his mind as the operating system and his systems of thought as the combat software.

"I'm at my peak," Rui calmly informed them. "There is no longer any need for delay. Kane, the moment the manifold is open and undone, take the doctor and run. I shall draw them away and hold them off single-handedly. If I stay with you, they will box us in and I will need to spend all my power protecting the two of you and the alien specimen, unable to break out."

-



Chapter 2017 Ownership Dispute

﻿﻿"I approve of that plan," the Divine Doctor remarked with a frozen smile. "The alien specimen cannot be allowed to be anywhere near the heat of battle. I'll have to transfer it to my most secure labs to study its alien nature and space-time manipulation abilities."

Rui's eyes sharpened. "I'm afraid you'll be doing no such thing."

The air tingled.

It grew more tense.

The Divine Doctor's eyes slowly turned towards Rui as the man stared at Rui.

"What made you think I'd just let you walk out of here with ownership over a priceless asset with a Transcendent resource?" Rui coldly inquired with a calm voice. "That alien specimen is mine. It belongs to Kandria."

He had not forgotten that the only reason that this little escapade to the Beast Domain had been possible was that Sage Sayfeel made use of the Topaz of Time to slow down his father's dying condition.

All because Rui refused to ascend the throne.

He planned to make up for that by offering what should have been an even more priceless asset. This asset could radically alter the growth rate of Martial Artists in the Kandrian Empire, even if it wasn't of too much use to Rui himself.

"Rule of the strong, is it?" the Divine Doctor remarked with a hint of dissatisfaction.

"Not quite," Rui replied impassively. "You have no contributed to Operation Prisonbreak in any meaningful way. I had previously assumed you would, but things have unfolded such that your expertise was not required. In other words…"

Rui's dark eyes sharpened. "…You have no claim over that alien flora lifeform. The only people who have claim over it are myself, who drew away and slayed the chimera for it to be possible to study it, and, to a lesser extent, Kane, who performed his role with perfection."

The Divine Doctor was not willing to back down so easily. "I saved your life in return and upgraded your Martial Body."

Rui scoffed. "And I saved your life with Operation Prisonbreak, and now again when we undo the manifold. It is an equal trade. If you want access to the alien lifeform, you'll have to contribute something of equal value to access to it during your time in Kandria."

The Divine Doctor instantly understood what Rui was trying to do.

He was adding another tie between the Divine Doctor and Kandria.

Currently, they had a few agreements in place.

The Divine Doctor would heal his father in return for a defined amount of access to his grandmother's prophecy or live, sustained Elder Tree communication. If he wanted both, he would need to offer his extraordinary medical prowess to Kandria.

That meant that he would need to remain in Kandria indefinitely in order to get access to both these super-assets.

That was even more true if he wanted regular access to the alien lifeform that Rui had laid claim to.

It meant that Kandria would be his new home for a long time.

"Well played," the Divine Doctor admitted. "You are the first man in seven hundred and twelve years who had succeeded in gaining the loyalty of the Divine Doctor. In the time that I have observed you, I can estimate that you are truly are worthy of being an immortal sage. Unfortunately, it is too late for that."

Rui narrowed his eyes. "What do you mean?"

"We are unable to perform the soul transference rituals on Martial Masters," he lightly commented. "Specifically, we cannot transfer Martial Minds. The soul transference process functions by transferring memories of experiences and thoughts. The inheritor vessel is unable to sustain it because it lacks the evolved neurological potential of the Martial Body."

Rui frowned. "That makes sense. Why not use Martial Bodies, then?"

The Divine Doctor shook his head. "For many reasons, but the largest is that the Martial Path prevents the destruction of the pre-existing mind and memories that are needed to turn it into an empty vessel."

Rui's impassive gaze lit up with interest and curiosity.

"It's the same reason Martial Apprentices can survive the Squire evolution breakthrough process with their mind intact," he commented lightly as he meticulously put all his tools back in place across the flaps in his robes. "The Martial Path is able to protect the mind and memories in a seemingly acausal and immaterial manner that we don't quite understand yet. That is why we are unable to erase the entirety of the mind of Martial Artists from their brains; the pesky Martial Path makes it impossible."

"Intriguing…" Rui's eyes sharpened.

He did recall his own Squire evolution breakthrough. His Martial Path had indeed protected his mind and memories from destruction even as his brain was rapidly being destroyed and recreated.

It was something that he hadn't understood to this day.

"If only we had a way to break Martial Paths," the Divine Doctor heaved a sigh. "My life would be so much easier."

If not for Rui's extensive foundation of nonverbal communication, he would not have been able to hide his reaction to the Divine Doctor.

He had no intention of revealing his capabilities to the Divine Doctor, although he might find out in other ways, such as the Beggar's Sect.

In fact, Rui recalled how the Beggar Sage had mentioned he had a very special request of Rui in return for divulging the fact that he was eligible for the soul transference ritual.

Rui put two and two together as he realized what that request probably was.

He shook his head, ridding his mind of all such matters. He could ponder them at a later date. Right now, he had more important, not to mention far more exciting, matters to pay attention to.

"Alright, I have completed my preparations," the Divine Doctor lightly remarked as he returned all his tools and artifacts back in place. "I am ready."

Rui nodded. "Kane, when the manifold is undone, be sure to shield your senses from me, got it? While the Divine Doctor's mind is powerful enough to withstand my Martial Embodiment, I'm afraid yours isn't."



Chapter 2018 A Dozen’s Convergence

"Oh, come on!" Kane complained. "Doesn't that mean I cannot ever see you fight?"

A small smile cracked at the edge of Rui's mouth. "I'm afraid that's true. If you want to see me fight in all my power…"

His eyes sharpened as his tone grew stronger. "…you will need to become a Martial Master."

Kane's eyes grew more intense.

Not wanting to fall behind Rui was one of his greatest motivations.

"Will do. Just you wait, man."

Rui's smile softened. "I will. But for now, do as I say. Make sure you don't perceive my Martial Embodiment. I'll ensure you don't, too, but I will be busy fighting Master-level beasts. Thus, I need you to make sure you do the same as well, got it?"

"Gotcha."

Rui's passive Martial Mind allowed him to sense the minds of others, as he had long known Martial Masters were able to.

Rui could sense the burning drive of Kane rising even higher than it had ever been. He could sense a variety of emotions across the entirety of his mind, spurring him down his Martial Path and towards the Master Realm.

It was strange to perceive all these emotions themselves. It was very different from reading nonverbal communication.

No, it was as though he was perceiving emotions themselves in their own actual existences of matter, energy, and information. He could read the emotional makeup of his friend at each moment, watching the dynamics of his mind in real-time.

It was uncomfortable.

He felt like he was violating the privacy of his friend. Privacy of mind was, in many ways, a God-given right that each human being was entitled to.

Except Martial Masters could completely disregard it.

He heaved a sigh inwardly before ridding his mind of those thoughts as well.

"Alright, with that warning, it's time," Rui's eyes narrowed.

A glint of excitement flickered in the depths of eyes.

Soon, he would have the opportunity to fight to his heart's content.

Soon, he would have the opportunity to exercise the full depth of his newfound power.

Soon, he would be able to test the limits of his current state of power.

"Soon." He turned to the Divine Doctor with a pointed gaze. "Do not make our lives more difficult."

The man stared at Rui with a frozen smile before closing his eyes and plucking a particular artifact from his utility belt.

It expanded into a sphere, which opened in half.

WHOOSH

Rui carefully manipulated heaven and earth to extract alien flora lifeform, severing its root connections with the flora root hive beneath the land, along with enough soil, perfectly fitting it within the sphere.

CLASP

The sphere was sealed shut before reducing itself and everything within it to the size of a marble, completely isolating itself from the outside.

For a moment, nothing happened.

"Now what?" Kane murmured. "Mayb—"

RUMBLE!!!

The three of them froze as the very world shook to its roots.

Rui felt a tremendous amount of ripples through space-time with Riemannian Echo as Heaven and Earth shuddered alike.

And then, it happened.

It happened abruptly.

Faster than even Rui could react.

POP

The manifold disappeared as space-time uncurled instantly.

Suddenly, the small planetoid was no more.

The world became flat in Rui's senses, extending far, far beyond his senses.

They had returned.

They had returned to the wide, vast world of Gaia.

They had returned to the Beast Domain.

They had returned to the Mellow within the Master-level belt of the Beast Domain.

The dungeon was exposed to the rest of the world.

And it was hardly gone unnoticed.

Who could possibly ignore a hundred-kilometer-wide patch of land appearing out of nowhere?

Who could ignore the ripples across space-time that spread from it?

Most importantly, who could ignore the mouth-watering bounties that lay at the center of the dungeon?

Certainly, not the twelve Master-level beasts in the surrounding Master-level regions around the Mellow that had sensed it almost immediately.

In an instant, they made a decision.

"Go." Rui's voice betrayed a hint of excitement and enthusiasm.

Kane didn't need any more advice, grabbing the containment unit and the Divine Doctor before bolting with the man at top speed; as Rui instructed, he shielded his senses as much as he could with a breathing technique conjuring up thick air behind him.

Rui was not worried about them losing their way. The Divine Doctor knew his way through the Beast Domain, or else he would have died a long, long time ago.

There were more important things he needed to pay attention to.

RUMBLE!!!!!

The world shook violently as twelve Master-level beasts arrived at extraordinary speeds and horrifying momentum.

Each step they took ravaged mountain ranges.

Shattered regions.

Wiped out local life.

Life was at the mercy of these regional hegemons.

Life was at the mercy of these living calamities.

At the mercy of these breathing catastrophes.

A small smile cracked at the edge of Rui's mouth as he beheld his opponents.

A crystal-furred ape, the size of a hill, rushed in from the south with greed in its eyes, uncaring for the sheer devastation that it left in its wake.

A Sun Eagle with wings the size of a city flew in at enormous speeds from the north, rushing it at speeds that dwarfed lightning.

A pair of twin dragons surged from the east, spiraling about each other as they lit ablaze the very atmosphere in the wake of their travel.

BOOOOOM!!! BOOOOOM!!! BOOOOOM!!!

A golem the size of a mountain slowly walked towards the Mellow from the West, step by step,

Yet, each step it took was no different from an apocalypse in the local region.

Yet, those weren't all the creatures Rui perceived converging onto the Mellow.

No.

He saw more.

A mirror cobra whose scales reflected all light.

A phoenix.

A basilisk.

A kirin.

A colossal centipede.

A heavenly whale.

Swiftly, these twelve beings of immense power converged onto the core of the newly exposed Mellow Dungeon.

And all hell broke loose.

-



Chapter 2019 The Power of the Martial Mind

The twelve beings were pleasantly surprised at the sudden appearance of rich bounties attractive to their senses.

Yet their expressions darkened as they felt a familiar aura.

An aura they instantly recognized.

It was an aura of power.

Ordered, directed, controlled, and driven power.

The most potent powers they had ever faced.

A Martial Master.

An incomprehensible existence.

Despite the diminutive bodies that ought to have been lacking in power, they radiated unfathomable peril.

With tiny physicalities devoid of any extraordinary substance or extraordinary power, these unfathomable beings were still somehow so powerful that Master-level beasts could not even withstand a battle against them without tag-teaming with other Master-level beasts.

Within a moment of beholding the Martial Master at the center of the newly exposed dungeon, the twelve Master-level beasts instantly made a decision.

Kill the Martial Master together, then dispute territory.

Initially, they were intent on competing amongst themselves.

That all changed the moment they sensed a Master-level beast, arriving at a temporary alliance with each other.

This was nothing new.

The less unintelligent Master-level beasts had all long learned that Martial Masters could not be bested in a fair fight. A culture of teaming up when one showed up to their region was very much the norm.

With the twelve of them, they would surely not lose.

Or so they thought.

"Come."

Shivers crawled down their spine as the very foundation of Rui's existence altered, radiating horrifying peril.

His very being changed at its very root.

One moment, he was merely human in his appearance.

The very next?

He became a void.

A flowing void.

Endless dark nothingness itself.

It was nothing, yet everything all at once.

The twelve Master-level beasts stiffened, frozen, as a horrifying flood of information flooded their entire minds.

It was painful.

Agonous.

Excruciating.

Yet, it wasn't overwhelming.

These were creatures who had lived for many centuries, emerging victorious within the depths of a hellish Beast Domain.

They weren't done in so easily.

All twelve converged onto the Martial Master at once.

Yet, his eyes were fixed on a single one of them.

The one closest to Kane and the Divine Doctor.

"Breathing Crucifix." His eyes glared into the crystal-furred ape coming from the south, paralyzing it on the spot as the creature collapsed.

It couldn't breathe.

Not even an ounce of air.

Try as it might, it struggled, suffocating on the ground as its movements dullened.

Simultaneously, his Martial Embodiment changed.

The void flowed from one state to another, changing from an endless dark nothingness into a crucifix with chains that swept around the crystal-furred ape, shackling it.

The other eleven grew graver as they witnessed the Martial Master effortlessly dispatch one of the twelve in a single go with hypnosis.

They needed to erase him as soon as possible.

"That's not happening," the black-haired Martial Master grinned as he read their minds with a combination of his Master-level mind sense and the SOUL System, even as the twelve Master-

level beasts converged on with horrifying power and momentum.

BOOOOOOOOOOMMMMMM!!!!!

A terrifying amount of power converged onto Rui.

Yet, it couldn't so much as touch him.

WHOOSH

Rui smiled as he effortlessly evaded the attacks of Master-level beasts one after another, weaving past all of them with the grace of a dancer.

Why spend all the effort to block their attacks when he could simply step out of the way?

It was the most objectively superior option.

His grin widened as his Martial Mind blazed into full power, activating the Angel of Laplace, the Tree of Life, the VOID algorithm, the SOUL System, and the ODA System all at once.

It was effortless as the astronomical processing power of the Martial Mind could effortlessly accommodate all these systems of thought simultaneously.

A supernova of information erupted from deep within the depths of the mind.

A maelstrom of knowledge.

Of thought.

The Angel of Laplace showed him the past.

The whole past.

The entire world reversed as he beheld the very world lines of each entity throughout the grand calculus of the universe.

The VOID algorithm simultaneously showed him the future.

He beheld the journey of the twelve entities through the space-time continuum into time yet to come.

He beheld the very future he sought to bend.

Together, the VOID algorithm and the Angel of Laplace elevated his awareness to a higher dimension of reality.

His consciousness had expanded into the fourth dimension.

Yet, that wasn't all.

The Tree of Life showed him the most optimal reality out of the entirety of the Yggdrasil System, while the SOUL System unearthed their deepest thoughts and feelings.

It unearthed their 'souls.'

The past and future.

Soul and life.

His Martial Mind encompassed all of them, giving him absolute awareness of all of them.

"Muspelheim."

BOOOOOOOOMMMMMMM!!!!!

At that moment, an otherworldly realm of vengeful fire had descended across the entire Mellow.

In an instant, the earth, which supported the life above and beyond it, melted into bubbling white-hot lava.

The air, which nourished the biosphere, erupted in crackling plasma, ravaging all life it touched.

The devastating power of the Muspelheim domain had reached such an enormous level that in merely an instant, entire mountain ranges disappeared, leveling the entire region into a dystopia that fit right into Dante's Inferno.

"ROOOOOOOOAAAAARRRR!!!!!"

"SCREEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE!!!!!"

"ARGHRGRHRGHRHRHHH!!!!!"

Of the twelve, only four could withstand Muspelheim to continue the battle.

The basilisk, the phoenix, and the twin dragons roared in defiance as they converged on him. Rui grinned, revving up the domain as he confirmed that Kane and the Divine Doctor were far enough to not be caught in it.

The two twin dragons shot at him at extraordinary speeds, reaching him in an instant with tremendous velocity.

BOOOM BOOOM!!!

Rui withstood the powerful impacts, with a solid guard as he absorbed their attacks with Flux Earther, using it to fuel Muspelheim even more as the heat elevated even higher, roasting the other eight alive.

WHOOOOOOSH!!!

Rui's eyes narrowed as an inferno from the phoenix, even hotter than Muspelheim, arrived from one side as a wave of lethal venom erupted from his other side from the basilisk.

-



