Chapter 2250  Stunning Discovery



The demeanor of the retreating Martial Sages of the Sekigahara Confederate was grave and severe.

And for good reason.

Not even the Martial Sages could maintain their composure when they learned about the Dawnbringer's ability to trigger breakthroughs of his own accord and everything that had unfolded from the sole Master survivor.

"You mean to say that all this time, it was the Void Prince who was responsible for the Kandrian Empire's mass breakthroughs?" Sage Shinken gritted his teeth. "Dammit."

If this was something that was exclusive to the Dawnbringer, then it meant that it was most likely some highly exclusive technique or system of thought or a combination of the two. This meant that it most certainly wasn't something that could be executed by others.

"However, if the Dawnbringer is the sole one capable of triggering breakthroughs en masse, then he most certainly wouldn't have been deployed into a war where he could potentially die and deprive the Kandrian Empire of a powerful tool." Sage Shinken fell into thought. "Emperor Rael is too prudent a man to do something that risky and foolhardy. This can only mean that there are others who can also execute the breakthroughs."

He was wrong.

Of course, that didn't mean that his line of reasoning was foolish.

It was indeed true that Emperor Rael would rather Rui sit the war out, but he didn't voice this desire to his son because he knew that he would refuse.

He didn't request him to consider otherwise.

His son needed the war to gain some genuine experience in the Master Realm and would never want to exclude himself from it. n/ô/vel/b//jn dot c//om

On top of that, Emperor Rael abstained from requesting Rui to remain within the boundaries of Kandrian territory.

Rui had done more than enough for the Kandrian Empire.

Demanding any more from him for the sake of the Empire was something that Emperor Rael was not shameless enough to do.

However, this was something that the Sekigaharan Sages were unaware of, leading them to have false assumptions about how widespread the Kandrian Empire's ability to break through to the Master Realm was.

"Regardless, we need to report this to the others." Sage Shinken gritted his teeth. "This and the fact that the Kandrian Empire has gotten its hands on seven additional Martial Sages, potentially more."

To say that the Sekigaharan Sages were thoroughly shocked by the appearance of seven new Sages on retainer within the Kandrian Empire was an understatement. If not for the fact that the Kandrian Sages were disadvantaged by the burden of protecting the Kandrian Empire and being caught off-guard by the healing they had from the Tree of Healings, there was a good chance that they would have been captured alive or killed.

"Those damn Kandrians…" Sage Shinken's voice was filled with rage. "I should have known that there was a reason that they were so willing to provoke the three Sage-level powerhouses."

"For now, let's make sure that we reach home safe and sound," another Martial

Sage among them lightly commented. "We can think about it all we want after we get home. If something were to happen to us as well on the way back home, that would be the worst possible outcome."

They would have scoffed at such a notion in the past, but after what had just happened that day itself, they simply kept their mouths shut and headed back home. None of them had recovered from the shock of having a hundred and nine Martial Masters slaughtered by a Martial Master who had broken through to the Master Realm in the middle of battle through the strange illusion that Dawnbringer had cast on the battlefield.

To say that it was a devastating blow to the Sekigahara Confederate was an understatement. It was nothing short of a catastrophe that would scar it for many centuries to come.

"The only way to heal the Sekigahara Confederate from this devastating wound is to acquire the Kandrian Empire's method of breaking Martial Artists through" Sage Shinken's eyes flashed with determination. "We will stop at nothing to get our hands on the Master Realm breakthrough that the Dawnbringer foolishly exposed to us."

"I don't think it's going to be easy." Sage Senpu heaved a sigh. "I hate to admit it, but the brat is absurdly strong for his age and youth in the Master Realm. Really, only one of us has a guaranteed chance of succeeding at capturing him alive with that forbidden technique at his disposal."

A smile appeared on Sage Shinken's face. "Ah, Senpu. You have overlooked one crucial possibility. Even if we fail to get our hands on him, we can still acquire his Martial Art. A superior copy of his Martial Art."

Sage Senpu's eyes widened as realization dawned on him. "You mean…?"

"Yes." Sage Shinken's voice was steely. "We fight fire with fire. One monstrous genius for another. The Kandrian Empire will learn that it isn't the only one with a prodigy of godly talent, the likes of which the world has never seen before."

All things considered, Sage Shinken's solution was actually quite clever. The Sekigahara Confederate didn't strictly need Rui himself if the secret to breakthroughs was hidden in his Martial Art.

Thus, if they could get someone who had the ability to copy Martial Art and improve it, then they could get their hands on what they wanted with no fuss.

"But… he left the Sekigahara Confederate many years ago, did he not?" one of the Sekigaharan Sages asked with uncertainty. "True, if I recall, he left because there was no more Martial Art in the nation worth taking for himself. Tsk, this is why I hate geniuses. God blessed them with extraordinary talent, yet they still are not satisfied."

"We must find him." Sage Shinken was determined. "We'll have to entrust those Nindo fools with the task after we scold them and make them pay for their lapses in intelligence. We're almost near the Sekigahara Confederate, so it shouldn't be too long until we reach home—!"

RUMBLE…!

The nine Martial Sages shook as they felt extraordinary energy output emerging from the direction of their homes.



Chapter 2251  Halting Siege



RUMBLE!

"What's going on…?" Sage Senpu's expression grew alarmed as their senses picked up the high energy levels. "Why is there such heavy energy radiating from the direction of our home? Not just any ordinary levels of energy output. This…!"

It was an energy level that only Martial Sages could output.

The nine Sekigaharan Sages grew deeply concerned about the fact that they were detecting such energy from the direction of their home. n/ô/vel/b//jn dot c//om

RUMBLE!!

"Dammit!" Sage Shinken cursed. "Did a bunch of Martial Sages attack the Sekigahara Confederate while we were away?!"

"Who dares to make an enemy of the Sekigahara Confederate?"

"We will tear those bastards apart!"

RUMBLE!!!

The nine of them hurried as they sprinted toward the Sekigahara Confederate at top speed with grave expressions.

What they found when they arrived shook them to their very core.

For a moment, they could scarcely believe what they were seeing.

BOOOOOOOOM BOOOOOOOM BOOOOOOOOM!!!

Massive beams of pure energy soared from afar at extraordinary speeds, threatening to raze the entirety of the territory of the Sekigahara Confederate. Each beam possessed destructive power that was easily Sage-level.

BOOOOOOOOM BOOOOOOOOM BOOOOOOOOOM!!!!!

If not for the other Martial Sages and the Apocalyptic siege weapons of the Sekigahara Confederate intercepting almost all of them, the Sekigahara Confederate would have existed in all but memory.

However, the destructive power of these beams, even after being intercepted, still caused immense damage to the Sekigahara Confederate just from the dispersion of the energy beams into the environment.

If not for the four Martial Sages who had remained behind during the assault on the Kandrian Empire, the nation would have been reduced to dust. These Martial Sages not only contributed to redirecting the astronomically destructive beams of energy that soared toward the Sekigahara Confederate but also bent heaven, earth, and space to ensure that as little harm as possible came to the nation and its people.

BOOOOOOOOM BOOOOOOOOM BOOOOOOOOOM!!!!!

The nine Sekigaharan Sages immediately broke out of their frozen stupor, rushing instantly towards the Sekigahara Confederate in the distance to aid their comrades and protect their nation and, more importantly, their clans.

The nine of them immediately rushed in to help the Sekigahara Confederate defend itself from those who sought to destroy it.

Yet, the moment they jumped in alongside their other comrades, ready to contribute their power, the beams of destruction stopped coming. For a moment, all of them just stood, frozen in shock.

They were too stunned to even speak.

RUMBLE…

As the dust settled down and the energy dissipated, the Sekigahara Confederate had finally exited a state of emergency. Yet, even before the authorities could begin conducting a survey on the material outcome and the damage inflicted on the nation and its people, there was no optimism in the air.

Even with the best effort of the nation's valiant Sages and their powerful siege weapons, the damage inflicted on the nation was not little.

It was as grave as it was inexplicable.

"What…" Sage Shinken felt like he was on the verge of losing his sanity. "What just happened?"

The four Sekigaharan Sages that had remained home collapsed from the sheer amount of exhaustion that they experienced. They appeared to be in an even worse condition than the nine of their comrades who had taken part in the assault on Kandria.

"…Shortly after your battle with the Kandrian Empire commenced, the Sekigahara Confederate came under siege. Those massive energy beams started firing at us from the west. Only we had the means to contact you, but the siege was so sudden that if not for all of us jumping in exactly the moment we did, the Sekigahara Confederate would not exist at this moment," the eldest Martial Sages slowly explained between pants. "It was extremely sudden, with absolutely no warning of any kind. Entire inexplicable."

The nine Martial Sages of the strike team stared at the four Martial Sages with horror.

It was just one nightmare after another.

It didn't seem to end.

Most of them weren't theistic, but all of them couldn't help but wonder if they were being punished by a deity in the heavens.

First, the Sage-level battle had amounted to a failure as the Kandrian Empire had suddenly revealed the addition of seven new Martial Sages to its roster. Then, all but one Master of the Master-level strike force had been massacred and butchered at the hands of the son of the Devil. And now, the Sekigahara Confederate had suddenly and randomly come under attack from the west with long-range apocalypse-class heavy artillery siege weapons.

It was one of the worst days of their lives, without any shadow of a doubt.

"But who…?" Sage Shinken was half praying that this was all a bad nightmare and that he would wake up from it to an entirely ordinary day.

Of course, he knew that was not possible. Martial Sages did not experience dreams.

"…Who is responsible for this attack?" Sage Shinken gritted his teeth. "Who dared to attack the Sekigahara Confederate at this moment, of all times?"

"…Given the direction that these attacks came from, and the unprecedented range of those apocalypse class weapons," one of the four Sages who remained in the Sekigahara Confederate began, "we think it's the Esocline Federation."

Sage Shinken's eyes widened with shock. "…What?"

He gritted his teeth. "You're telling me that the weakest Sage-level nation and a nation with almost no Martial Artists dared to attack the Sekigahara Confederate from afar like cowards while it was in a moment of vulnerability?"

"There's no other possibility I'm afraid." The Sage nodded with cold fury. "That nation is the only one with such powerful siege weapons. Today, they have waged war against us. However, what really makes me wonder is the timing of all of this."

The thirteen Martial Sages fell into deep thought as they considered her words. Was the fact that this attack happened in the middle of an operation that deployed most of the Martial Sages and Martial Masters outside of the nation just a coincidence?

"No…" Sage Shinken had never experienced such rage in his entire life. "This was planned."

His eyes sharpened with murderous anger. "That bastard Emperor Rael. He roped in the Esocline Federation in this war. From this day forth, Esocline Federation is our enemy forever."

-



Chapter 2252  Unprecedented



A large number of significant events had happened in a short period of time.

So much so that the rest of East Panama almost couldn't even keep up.

First, the President of the Republic of Gorteau declared war on the Kandrian Empire. Not long after, the Kandrian Empire entered a state of national emergency. Soon after, whispers of an elite Martial Sekigaharan strike force made up of Martial Artists of the Upper Realms was supposedly deployed towards the Kandrian Empire.

This report had made the upper echelons of East Panama nervous.

"What are those bastards up to this time…?"

"Tsk, all of East Panama is going to be swept up in their chaos."

"If this intel is true, then war has already begun. It is not surprising that the Sekigahara Confederate will be the first to launch an attack."

The Sekigahara Confederate was notorious for being a lunatic nation.

They waged war all-out with little prudence and, surprisingly, yielded very good results.

It was because it was extremely difficult to predict exactly what a lunatic would do that they were successful in war.

Nobody could predict to what extent these madmen would go just to wage war.

Throwing the entirety or an overwhelming majority of their Martial capital to attack an enemy nation was something that no sane man would do as it would leave their home nation entirely defenseless.

Military strategy involved predicting enemy decision-making by estimating their objectives and constraints, plotting the most optimal course of action for their enemies, and then planning for such an eventuality.

Whoever was able to read their opponents the furthest possessed an advantage in military strategy. This school of thought had been refined over centuries and had become the established paradigm for military strategists. Nôv(el)B\\jnn

The Sekigahara Confederate, however, defied all of them. They had no constraints, and their objectives were harder to predict than the economy. When enemy nations tried predicting the Sekigahara Confederate, they made grave miscalculations by assuming that those savages had any hint of sanity, leading to blunders in war that led to their defeat.

This was one of the reasons that Sekigahara Confederate had managed to become a powerhouse historically.

And they had lived up to their reputation as they deployed an overwhelming majority of the Martial Artists of the Upper Realms in a single attack in a very showy and ostentatious manner, which was something that no sane military commander would ever dream of doing.

Much to the shock of the world, however, the Kandrian Empire responded perfectly as the Emperor of Harmony demonstrated why he had gained the reputation for being the greatest emperor in the Age of Martial Art.

The entire world had paid its undivided attention to the battle between the Sekigahara Confederate and the Kandrian Empire. It drew eyes from all over the continent.

It was impossible to hide a battle of such extraordinary magnitude.

It was impossible to hide the battle between the Masters, let alone the Sages. Thus, although the rest of the continent was unable to get their hands on actual footage of the battle or anything like that, they were able to gain a broad understanding of the battle by either deploying Martial Artists of the Upper Realms to observe the battle from a great distance, too far to be noticed by the Sages of either side but just close enough to get a better idea of the dynamics.

Much to the shock of all those who were powerful enough to peer at the Kandrian Empire without getting noticed, the Kandrian Empire had deployed seven new Martial Sages out of nowhere!

"Wait, where the hell did these new bastards come from?"

"I want all intel efforts focused on finding everything there is to know about these seven new Martial Sages!"

"Issue a demand for Emperor Rael to make a statement on this matter!"

This development had rattled the highest echelons of human civilization.

A nation did not merely get seven brand-new Sages out of nowhere.

As the Martial Masters deployed for distant surveillance weren't able to get close enough to confirm their identities, it was unclear whether these Martial Artists were native or foreign Sages brought into the nation.

Either was a real possibility.

Regardless, the battle between the Kandrian Empire and the Sekigahara Confederate received ashen sentiments from the rest of East Panama. Even the commoners knew that this battle most likely marked the beginning of the third Great East Panamic War.

After all, the Republic of Gorteau was on the verge of officially declaring war, the Sekigahara Confederate had already mounted an extraordinary attack, and the Britannian Empire was also poised to join the war as well.

The Kandrian Empire should have been destined for destruction in the face of such pressure. It should have suffered grave losses against the assault of the Sekigahara Confederate.

Yet, much to the surprise of everyone spectating with bated breaths, not only did the Kandrian Empire push the Sekigahara Confederate back, but they managed to do so without suffering a single loss and much fewer losses on the Master front. Furthermore, according to intel reports flowing in from long-range surveillance and spies in the Kandrian Empire, not even the tiniest ounce of damage had been inflicted upon the nation or its people.

A perfect victory in the eyes of the world, the dream of every commander-in-chief.

The revelations of seven new Sages truly shocked the world, yet it wasn't as shocking as the latest report that had made its way to the political sphere of human civilization.

A single report.

The Esocline Federation had mounted a long-range siege upon the Sekigahara Confederate amidst its assault on the Kandrian Empire.

All hell broke loose across East Panama as all people of all classes and all nations of all Realms gritted their teeth and braced themselves for the impact amidst the havoc and chaos this latest report sparked amidst human civilization.

Never before in the history of the Age of Martial Art had there ever been a war involving five Sage-level powerhouses.

The world watched with bated breath as a conflict of unprecedented scope boiled before their very eyes.

-



Chapter 2253: External Strategic Deterrent

﻿

Emperor Rael had a hard time maintaining his composure when the Gatekeeper reported the fact that Rui stepped in the middle of Operation Clean-Up and displayed his ability to break through the open, causing the birth of two new Masters, one of which went on to massacre all but one Sekigaharan Master.

He didn't know whether to laugh or cry.

On one hand, the secret of the breakthroughs had been revealed.

On the other, Kane had gotten rid of a huge number of Martial Masters, greatly relieving the pressure that the Kandrian Empire would face in Master-level combat.n/ô/vel/b//jn dot c//om

However, with the intelligence leaked, it was quite questionable whether it was a good idea to let Rui continue battling. He knew that Rui would continue fighting even if he was in grave danger.

Precisely because he was in grave danger.

Emperor Rael didn't even need to ask why Rui had done what he had done. Just the presence of Kane in the operation was enough for him to understand what Rui's motivations were.

"Huff..." He massaged his head. "Oh well, I suppose that this isn't the absolute worst thing that can happen."

It was still extremely bad, of course.

However, what would have been worse was if they had lost the battle with the Sekigahara Confederate, and the Kandrian Empire suffered immense damage as a result.

In comparison, although he would have preferred that Rui's secrets remain a secret, he couldn't help but be relieved that the war had begun with an overwhelming victory.

"Still, It is rather surprising to see that the Master-level front showed greater results than the Sage-level front," Emperor Rael frowned. "Although Matriach Nephi did predict it."

He had hoped that additional preparations for the ambush would have allowed them to capture or at least kill four Sages.

Yet, as each of the Martial Sages on the Western Front reported, the ambushes themselves succeeded. What caused the capture of the Sages to fail was their ability to heal from the wounds in an instant, causing their plan of gaining an advantage by dealing them critical wounds through an ambush with the element of surprise.

Regardless, they had ensured that not a single scratch had befallen the Kandrian Empire. That was more than enough, as far as Emperor Rael was concerned.

"Your Majesty..." One of the officials sitting around the round table in the War Council meeting reviewing the battle with the Sekigahara Confederate asked. "The many reports from our spies of a massive super long-range siege upon the Sekigahara Confederate from the West, where the Esocline Federations is, and our spies within the latter confirming cutting- edge esoteric siege technology being deployed against the Sekigahara Confederate..."

He hesitated. "Was that a part of your grand plan, Your Majesty?"

The entire war council meeting looked at him with curious eyes.

The news of the Esocline Federation launching massive sieges upon the Kandrian Empire after the battle commenced was something that had shocked the Kandrians just as much as it had the Sekigaharans.

This hadn't been part of the plan that they had discussed ahead of time.

"I hope all of you understand why I couldn't afford to share it," Emperor Rael's voice was calm and calculated. "The more this intelligence is disseminated, the greater the probability that it would find its way into the hands of our enemies."

"Hmph," Matriarch Nephi snorted with disapproval. "Keeping secrets from us."

"Well, since it has come out, I suppose I can inform all of you of the truth." Emperor Rael closed his eyes. "I have formed a secret alliance with Esocline Federation in North Panama in preparation for the war with the three Sage-level powerhouses."

A wave of murmurs washed over the councilors as they stared at the Emperor of Harmony with an expression of pleased surprise.

"As you all know, on paper, the Kandrian Empire has been deepening ties with the Sage-level powerhouse through sea trade," Emperor Rael calmly informed them. "However, in truth, our relationship is much deeper. I informed them of what was to come and formed military and Martial alliances with the Sage-level powerhouse."

"...Your Majesty," Grand General Aramoeous interjected. "If I may, may I inquire what form these secret alliances take? For one, the Sage-level powerhouse is extremely far away from the Kandrian Empire. Even if they form an alliance with us, it is effectively impossible for them to come to our aid in the event of an attack upon the Kandrian Empire."

Emperor Rael smiled at his words. "Your concerns are entirely valid and sound. I will let Foreign Affairs Minister Lara take the liberty of briefing you on the details of our agreements. However, it essentially boils down to what they did this time when the Sekigahara Confederate mounted its assault upon the Kandrian Empire."

Grand General Aramoeous was the first to understand among all of them. "I see. So they will serve the purpose of an external strategic deterrent."

An external strategic deterrent in military strategy referred to any entity that was able to reduce the probability or the degree of commitment of any particular military group taking a particular military action against a third party. They served to discourage action by disincentivizing, discouraging, or pressuring said military group from acting the way they might otherwise have.

"In this case," Grand General Aramoeous. "The Esocline Federation established itself as a strategic deterrent for us and against the Sekigahara Confederate, deterring them from deploying a large number of forces outside the nation."

Emperor Rael smiled. "That's correct. The Esocline Federation has essentially confirmed that it is willing to mount devastating super long-range sieges upon the Sekigahara Confederate if it attacks the Kandrian Empire. This means that, in the future, the Sekigahara Confederate cannot afford to deploy too many Sages against us because they know that they will not be able to defend against the super-long-range sieges of Esocline Federation."

This strategy meant that even if the Sekigahara Confederate pursued war against the Kandrian Empire, their available military capital was halved. It made them much less of a threat.

"How did you convince the Esocline Federation to make an enemy of one of a Sage-level powerhouse in their geopolitical vicinity, Your Majesty?" the Minister of Domestic Affairs frowned. "The Sekigaharans are known for being absolute lunatics. No one wants to antagonize them."



Chapter 2254: Logistical Constraints

﻿

Many found it strange that the Esocline Federation would be willing to go so far as to serve as an external strategic deterrent for the sake of protecting the Kandrian Empire. Perhaps if the Kandrian Empire and Esocline Federation had been age-old allies with a long history of cooperating with each other, it would make more sense.

However, that most certainly wasn't the case.

If anything, the Esocline Federation was closer to being an ally with the Sekigahara Confederate due to the fact that it had been the supplier of esoteric military technology to the Sekigaharans.

The Sekigahara Confederate did not conduct any R&D when it came to technology. They had no background in it and were strictly Martial. If not for the fact that being deprived of such military technological assets would have made them the weakest of the four Sage-level powerhouses of East Panama, they would have never bothered getting their hands on such technological capital in the first place.n/o/vel/b//in dot c//om

This meant that the Esocline Federation had forsaken a long-term client for the sake of the Kandrian Empire, with which it had no prior relationship.

Not a single person in the war council could contain their curiosity as to how the Emperor of Harmony managed to flip the Esocline Federation to his side despite the odds stacked against him.

"Oh, it's simple, really," Emperor Rael calmly replied. "Interest, agendas, and objectives supersede relationships in the world of geopolitics. As long as one is able to grasp the latter, one can break up even the most solid of alliances and relationships. In this case, all I needed to do was understand what the leader and founder of Esocline Federation seeks to achieve. And it's rather simple to deduce what his intentions are."

His gaze swept across the entire table.

"According to my personal assessment of the Esoterist, this is a man who most likely despises Martial Art," Emperor Rael began. "This is a man who most likely despises the Age of Martial Art and this world of Martial Art. He believes in the power of technology, and he believes that technology not only has greater potential than Martial Art but also benefits humanity more than Martial Art..."

The air of the War Council tingled as the atmosphere grew uncomfortable; many of the members stole a glance at the members of the Martial Union, who were clearly displeased that the Kandrian Empire had allied with the Esocline Federation.

"When I analyze all the decisions that this man has made, such as banning all research and development into the Squire evolution process or banning all research into Martial Art growth and training resources while very willingly selling powerful military technology to nations around the world, even to Martial nations like the Sekigahara Confederate..." Emperor Rael's eyes narrowed. "I am able to deduce his long-term objectives and intentions. He wishes to erode Martial Art from human civilization with the power of technology. That is his true long-term objective."

"... And you chose to ally with such a man willingly?" Sage Glacken narrowed his eyes, unable to control himself from asking.

"Relax," Emperor Rael reassured. "The probability of him succeeding in fulfilling such an objective is less than one percent. What matters most at this juncture is what he can do for us and what we can do for him. You see..."

Emperor Rael smiled. "I made him an offer he cannot refuse. I offered to give him the locations of esoteric resources in the Beast Domain that are conducive to his goal, resources that, as our investigation, he has been scouring the market for."

The others in the war council frowned. "Your Majesty...doesn't that mean that you're sacrificing our gains in the Beast Domain for the sake of the alliance of the Esocline Federation?"

After all, everybody was under the impression that Emperor Rael wanted to monopolize the Elder Tree connection for himself. After all, a treasure that benefitted everybody equally was not something that could elevate Kandria above others. The more of the Elder Tree's intel they sold, the less they would benefit from it themselves.

"I can understand why you'd think that way, but..." Emperor Rael shook his head. "You're all wrong. We're not sacrificing anything."

Everybody frowned at his words, gazing at him quizically and skeptically.

"Think about it," Emperor Rael continued unperturbed. "Is it possible to extract all resources out of the Beast Domain even if we deployed each and every Martial Artist to the Beast Domain to focus exclusively on the intel given by the Elder Tree?"

The council members fell into thought at his question.

The Beast Domain was absolutely enormous, densely packed, and was extremely dangerous. Even with the exact location of each resource, it didn't change the fact that they needed to travel an enormous amount of distance, undertake great personal risk, and overcome massive amounts of adversity to finally reach the target location, extract the resource, and then lug it back home.

This took time, risk, and losses, all of which reduced both the frequency at which these missions could be conducted as well as the total number of such operations that could be conducted each month.

"On top of that, it is impossible to dedicate all Martial Artists to the Beast Domains for obvious reasons," Emperor Rael continued. "Domestic and international martial business, military operations, governmental contracts, training, and the bare minimum of Martial Artists that need to be within the Kandrian Empire for national security. The point is that it is absolutely impossible to make use of all the intel we get from the Elder Tree; at most, we can make use of ten percent. This ten percent consists of the most precious and important Sage- level and Transcendent-level resources. Information about the remaining ninety percent of resources that the Elder Tree has detected is functionally useless to us due to practical logistical constraints."

Realization dawned upon the members of the council as they understood the Emperor's reasoning.

"And since all that information is functionally useless to us, why not trade it for something that is useful?" Emperor Rael smiled. "The Esocline Federation is the perfect target for this. Esoteric technology is highly demanding of resources, far more so than Martial Art is. In other words, I am offering something that is precious enough to the Esoterist for him to discard his relationship with the Sekigahara Confederate without a second thought and readily serve as an external strategic deterrence for us."

"Your Majesty..." Grand General Aramoeous's eyes widened. "Is that why you spent the past three years building a relationship with the Esocline Federation long before tensions escalated?"

"Of course," Emperor Rael smiled. "This is all a part of my grand plan to ensure that the Kandrian Empire overcomes all adversities and reaches uncharted realms of power, glory, and prospers. Mark my words, brothers and sisters, this victory that our valiant Martial Artists have brought us is just the first of many."



Chapter 2255  Finally Ready

n/ô/vel/b//jn dot c//om

As the world reeled from the commencement of the third Great East Panamic War, the polities of East Panama grew grave as they were faced with choices that they would undoubtedly have to choose from.

Wars of such scale were rarely waged among just the core participants. More often than not, smaller nations were dragged into the war between the primary powerhouses that sought to destroy each other.

After all, Sage-level powerhouse nations possessed immense power, especially within their primary domain of influence. It was quite easy for powerhouses to use their influence to either implicitly blackmail, threaten, or bribe nations in their vicinity to pressure them into lending them their power and credit.

While nations with military power limited to the Lower Realms were too weak to even bother with, the same could not be said about the Master-level and Sage-level nations. It was entirely worth it to gain the power of these nations and deploy it in war.

Every Master mattered.

Every Sage most certainly mattered.

War was already underway.

Everybody knew that. The Gorteau Congress was most likely going to pass President Raymond's declaration of war, and the Britannian Empire was second only to the Sekigahara Confederate when it came to propensity to wage war.

In other words, the four powerhouses had already begun fighting for influence and support from the other Sage-level and Master-level nations.

"But…" Prime Minister Edward narrowed his eyes. "Rael is definitely prepared for that as well. In the first place, he has an advantage in that regard. After all, the Kandrian Empire has a much greater relationship with nations in East Panama than any other powerhouse."

The Republic of Gorteau ensnared nations with debt traps.

The Sekigahara Confederate triggered local and civil wars across the entirety of North-East Panama to increase the demand for Martial Artists.

The Britannian Empire colonized nations with its imperialist ambition, turning them into colonies that were forced to work for the greater good of the Britannian Empire.

In comparison to these monsters and tyrants, the Kandrian Empire was beloved for its mutually beneficial bilateral trade agreements and the philosophy of harmony that underlied its approach to foreign nations.

While the former three evoked fear and hatred from the nations of East Panama, the latter of the four was the only powerhouse that was pleasing and desirable to engage with.

Thus, when it came to war for allies, Kandria had a dominant advantage.

"Hmph, he planned for this to happen from the very start," Prime Minister Edward mused knowingly. "If it was just the Kandrian Empire alone, then there would have been no need to bother with allies; after all, the three of us could just gang up on the Kandrian Empire. But with Sekigahara Confederate put in check by the Esocline Federation and the National Democratic Party of Gorteau in Rael's pocket, he has found a way to just reduce the disparity between himself and his enemies just barely enough so that we have no choice but to seek allies, because he certainly will."

When the Prime Minister weighed in reports of the additional seven Martial Sages that shockingly appeared out of nowhere and the fact that the Sekigahara Confederate would no longer be able to contribute to Master-level battles due to few Masters left, he realized what Rael's plans were and what long-term strategy he was planning from the very get-go.

The worst part was that it was very difficult for him to disrupt these plans.

The core reason is that he had too little intel until very recently, which was too late to disrupt these plans.

If he had been aware of the treasures of the Kandrian Empire prior, he would have been able to do much more, but alas, even he had limits upon learning of such crucial knowledge too late.

"Still…" His gaze sharpened as he read through the intelligence reports. "This is not enough, Rael. Bribing half the Gorteau Congress with your recent surplus of longevity potions and leveraging the Esocline Federation to cripple the Sekigahara's freedom are certainly genius military strategies, but even if you cripple them by a whopping fifty percent, that's still two Sage-level powerhouses against one."

However, Prime Minister Edward knew better than to kick back and relax. The fact that Emperor Rael had gone through with his plan was proof that he had almost certainly figured out some strategy to overcome.

Prime Minister Edward has already computed the most promising strategies by putting himself in his rival's shoes. The two of them had reached a level of intellect and mastery over military strategy where they could not only predict each other's strategies but even predict their counters to the counters of their strategies.

"We cannot deploy all our Martial Artists to destroy the Kandrian Empire. However, the Kandrian Empire can deploy all its Martial Artists to protect itself."

Even if not all, it could certainly deploy far more to protect itself.

After all, even the Britannian Empire needed to ensure that a few Martial Sages remained in the homeland to ensure that none of the vassals that it had colonized decided to rebel in the absence of any Martial Sages on standby.

"Even accounting for that, it's still one-point-seven-five Sage-level powerhouses against one," Prime Minister Edward closed his eyes as he ran the numbers. "Hm, surely this and an advantage in ally-seeking isn't all Rael has planned. Because if it is…"

His eyes opened as they flared with perilous will. "…Kandria will meet its destruction without any shadow of a doubt."

He needed to not only find out what else Rael had planned for the war but also to ensure that his side had its strategy rigorously planned.

BEEP BEEP

His attention was drawn as a call on his comms artifact drew his attention.

"Finally," Prime Minister Edward smirked when he saw who sought to speak to him. "It appears that the recent battle has shaken all those fools out of complacency."

He accepted the call as it projected three-dimensional images of nearly thirty people around the prepared table in his office.

On one side of the table was the grave and severe projection of President Raymond, accompanied by leaders of his administrative staff. On the other side were murderous and enraged projections of the leaders of the ruling clans of the Sekigahara Confederate.

"Well well well…" Prime Minister Edward grinned, savoring the moment. "Look at what we have here."

Both sides glowered at him even as he took pleasure in their displeasure.

"Are you idiots finally ready to get serious and burn Kandria to the ground?"

-



Chapter 2256  Shattered Facade



A historic event had occurred within the Sekigahara Confederate.

For the first time in history, it had learned what it felt like to be a victim.

The Sekigahara Confederate possessed arrogance that matched that of the Britannian Empire, yet it possessed even more unbridled pride in its martial culture.

The fact that its lunacy was feared and was the reason that nobody messed with the Sekigahara Confederate was something that brought great pride and satisfaction to them. They were to be feared. Even by their alleged equals.

Nobody messed with the Sekigahara Confederate.

Until, of course, they picked a fight with an opponent beyond their league and got crushed. The loss of a hundred and nine Martial Masters in one go was perhaps the largest number of Martial Masters that had ever perished in a single battle in the entirety of the Age of Martial Art.

On top of that, they got beaten back on not just the Master-level front but also on both Sage-level fronts.

The Kandrian Empire demonstrated to the world the addition of seven new Martial Sages to its roster, proving to have a total of twenty-three Martial Sages on retainer, surpassing both the Sekigahara Confederate and the Britannian Empire.

Not only did they suffer defeat against Kandria, but they also paid the price for their unscrupulous aggression for the first time in their life when the absence of adequate Sages caused some harm to befall the Sekigahara Confederate due to the attack of Esocline Federation.

For the first time, the Sekigahara Confederate had experienced suffered a clear-cut crippling defeat that would scar the nation for centuries to come. In the Confederate Martial Council, sixteen Sages and merely forty remaining Masters were gathered around an enormous round table.

The atmosphere was dark.

A deathly silence had overtaken the air.

It was as though a thick, black miasma of shame, rage, and grief had infected the mood, refusing to allow even the slightest bit of positivity to seep through.

Their heads were lowered; not a single one of them could bring themselves to hold it high after what happened.

"Should we…" Sage Kai of the Oni Clan broke the silence as a flash of rage flooded his eyes. "…storm the Esocline Federation and raze it to the ground?"

No one was surprised at the fact that the Sage of the Oni Clan could not come up with any other idea. The Oni Clan was known to be among the most aggressive clans, even among the Sekigaharans.

"…Don't." Sage Shinken's voice was reduced to a whisper. "We've already transferred military authority to the clan leaders. This…isn't something that can be overcome with brute force."

His eyes were hollow.

The Shinken Clan had suffered unfathomable losses in the battle against the Kandrian Empire, having lost all their Masters in one fell swoop.

Now, they had only had Seniors and two Martial Sages. There was no in-between.

The shock was something that none of the fourteen clans of the Sekigahara Confederate had overcome.

Funnily enough, the Masters who didn't participate in the battle actually took a step closer to the Sage Realm.

After all, they learned something about themselves.

They weren't nearly as mad, maniacal, and lunatic as they perhaps fancied themselves. What was probably more true was that they weaponized their mania to inspire fear in their enemies. In other words, their insane warmongering culture was, at least in part, a facade of sorts.

It was more important that their enemies perceived them as lunatics. And they indeed acted like lunatics to reinforce their facade so that nobody dared to mess with them.

Normally, this was good enough.

Yet, they had recently come across a true madman in every sense of the word.

One who picked a fight with the three Sage-level powerhouses and sought to come away victorious. A truly brazen man with no limits who didn't need to project madness to get people to fear him.

Instead, he projected harmony.

Except when he no longer needed to.

Kandria was filled with madmen who put the Sekigahara Confederate to shame.

"Damian…" Sage Shinken's body quivered with rage as he remembered another such madman.

Just the thought of what the man's son had done to their Masters drove him almost insane. "I will kill him and his son, no matter what." He gritted his teeth.

Both father and son must die at his hand. He wouldn't rest until he killed both of them, which he was certain about. He was not one to forgive the death of so many Masters of his clan, having dedicated much to the glory and prestige of the Shinken Clan.

"…The son of the Devil may have been the one to kill our Masters, but it was the Void Prince who broke him through, allowing him to do that." Sage Senpu grew furious. "After we gain a copy of that technique that he used to break through, we kill him. There's no two ways about that." n/o/vel/b//in dot c//om

Another Sage shook his head. "After the death of so many of our Masters, only one of us possesses the power to get him killed. He was much stronger than we could have ever anticipated. The Nindo Clan failed us in giving us a good estimate of his strength."

The Martial Artists in the Martial Council shifted their glares in the direction of the Martial Sage of the Nindo Clan, who sank under the weight of their recriminating glares.

The Nindo Clan had become the most hated clan of the Sekigahara Confederate within a single day. They had one job, which they had failed magnificently by every metric. From failing to evaluate Rui's combat power accurately to failing to detect so much as a whiff of the seven new Martial Sages of the Kandrian Empire. They also failed to grasp Rui's identity as someone involved with the breakthroughs of the Kandrian Empire.

On top of that, they had failed to detect the alliance of the Kandrian Empire with the Esocline Federation and the siege upon their home.

Perhaps the only reason that they hadn't been punished extensively for their failures was because the cause of their failures wasn't their incompetence nearly as much as it was the super competence of their enemy.

Regardless, the Sekigahara Confederate had experienced its first devastating defeat perhaps ever and was slow to recover from it.

-



Chapter 2257: Final Duel

﻿

While the Martial Artists of the Sekigahara Confederate were uncharacteristically in a state of depression, the civil leaders of the state were in a confidential dialogue with their

counterparts in the other powerhouses of East Panama.

They had come to a conclusion rather quickly after having taken full stock of the variety of disasters that had befallen the Sekigahara Confederate.

They needed to ally with the Republic of Gorteau and the Britannian Empire.

Painful as it was to admit, the human leaders of the Sekigahara Confederate had already accepted that they were no match for the Kandrian Empire. With twenty-three known Martial Sages and an estimated hundred-seventy Martial Masters, the Kandrian Empire had become the most powerful nation in the history of the Age of Martial Art.

An all-out war between it and the Sekigahara Confederate meant certain defeat and destruction for the latter.

They could not afford to fight the Kandrian Empire by themselves. Thus, the most obvious course of action, albeit unpleasant, was to ally with the Republic of Gorteau and, most importantly, the Britannian Empire.

The latter, functionally led by Prime Minister Edward, a man who had gained recognition and had been personally appointed by Transcendent Emperor Arthur, was someone they had come to acknowledge as necessary to overcome the Kandrian Empire and the Emperor of Harmony. "I must admit, this happened sooner than I foresaw." Prime Minister allowed himself a smug grin. "I had initially predicted that this would happen after a few months. However, it appears that Rael has prepared well this time, having driven you to desperation upon the first battle itself. How pitiful."

The clan leaders of the Sekigahara Confederate bristled at his words. "Do not insult us, Prime Minister."

Prime Minister Edward chuckled to himself, shaking his head lightly. "Well, let us establish a few rules for this alliance."

His eyes sharpened as his demeanor grew perilous. "The weight of our voices correlates with our military capital. This has always been true in any form of collaborative endeavor but has never mattered in the past, for the military capital of the four Sage-level powerhouses has always been equal for all practical purposes. Now, however..."

His tone grew heavy as his powerful gaze swept around the table, "that is no longer true, is it?"

The leaders and representatives of the two polities couldn't help but grow more grave as the meaning of his words most certainly didn't escape them. It wasn't even a secret at this point. "Now, however, you lot are weakened in your ability to contribute to the net Martial and military capital of the proposed combined warfront of our would-be alliance." Prime Minister ruthlessly exposed their weakness without mincing any words about the matter. "The Sekigahara Confederate cannot even sleep well at night in fear of the Esocline Federation that plagues your fears in its ability to demonstrate. I doubt you'd be willing to deploy more than fifty percent of your Martial Sages outside your territory."

The clan leaders of the Sekigahara Confederate gritted their teeth but did not refute the Prime Minister's words. Even the Martial Sages of Sekigahara agreed to this arrangement, and they transferred military command authority to clan leaders in an unprecedented move.

"And you..." Prime Minister's expression crumpled with bare contempt as he faced President Raymond, who flinched at the piercing gaze of the Prime Minister. "You are so incompetent that Rael probably goes to sleep thanking his stars for having the President of Gorteau be you. You cannot leverage more than half of the Republic of Gorteau's net military power dispersed across your outsized private sector. In other words, neither party has anywhere near as much of a voice in this would-be alliance as I do. Is that understood?"Nôv(el)B\\jnn

The hardened expressions of the leaders and representatives of the two polities reluctantly acquiesced to the Prime Minister's clear-cut highlighting of the differences between them.

"I will lead this alliance to victory as the interim head." Prime Minister asserted with an unyielding tone. "If you seek to attain victory against the Kandrian Empire in this war. Then, it can only be me."

They disliked his attitude, but their silence indicated that they did not disagree with his statements.

"...I don't see the point of even having the role of an interim leader of our proposed allied warfront," President Raymond remarked with a light huff. "Yes, the Kandrian Empire has an additional seven Martial Sages, but even considering that, we should be at a numerical advantage even considering that and our...predicament. I cannot imagine that we cannot muster more than twenty-three Sages."

Prime Minister Edward scoffed with disdain. Militarily illiterate leaders like President Raymond were the reason he hated democracies.

"Battles are not symmetric counting games where the one with the most numbers is automatically the winner. Yes, we can muster up more Sages than they have. However, unless we fight with a two-to-one numeric advantage, we will suffer heavy losses. Do you think it is possible to kill all the Martial Sages of the Kandrian Empire without suffering devastating, even greater losses that will take another five hundred years to heal? The death of each Martial Sage represents the loss of centuries of cultivation of power. I do not know about the two of you, but I do not wish to go with a pyrrhic victory that will leave the Britannian Empire so weakened that it falls from being a Sage-level powerhouse to being just an ordinary Sage- level nation."

His words were true.

The reason that they were waging war against the Kandrian Empire was to protect their dominance and influence from the future of the Kandrian Empire, which would undoubtedly dominate them all after it overcame the Great Limit.

"There's no point in waging a war to protect our dominance if that same war destroys our dominance by heavily weakening us." Prime Minister Edward snorted. "That is what Emperor Rael is counting on. He does not need to engage in active deterrence; he has cleverly ensured that Kandria has accrued just enough power to make fighting it more detrimental than not fighting it."

Prime Minister Edward cracked a smile at the edge of his mouth with grudging respect.

He was glad that his rival had clearly brought out his top game.

He looked forward to what would be shaping up to be their final and greatest duel.



Chapter 2258  War For Allies



"Then…what do you propose we do…?" the Patriarch of the Shinken Clan asked with sharp eyes and a stern expression. "We have suffered heavy losses on the Master-level front; we cannot afford a pyrrhic victory; we must minimize losses."

"It's simple, really. There's only one thing to do," Prime Minister Edward replied with a firm tone. "We gather enough Martial capital from other nations in East Panama to ensure that we face an overwhelming advantage against the Kandrian Empire when it comes to numbers, and then we overwhelm in war. We may not have a two-to-one advantage as we are now, but we have many subservient nations within our domains of influence. There's also the Sage-level nations of East Panama from whom we can borrow Martial power…"

Prime Minister Edward narrowed his eyes. "As soon as we have accrued enough borrowed Martial Power from across East Panama, we can focus on destroying them rapidly. Thus, our primary goal is to ensure that we have accrued enough Martial power from other nations in East Panama to wipe out the Kandrian Empire with minimal losses. Squeeze out Martial Artists and siege weapons from as many nations of the Upper Realms as possible through any method you can. The Britannian Empire has plenty of colonies from which we can extract Martial capital, for example."

He turned to President Raymond. "The Republic of Gorteau has plenty of nations trapped with debt. Leverage that credit and use it to borrow as many Masters and Sages as possible. While it is painful to lose the leverage you have had over the nations you trapped, it will be much more painful if we don't stop the Kandrian Empire."

President Raymond closed his eyes, issuing a curt nod as he sighed. It was indeed painful to lose all the debt traps that they had ensnared many nations in, but it was worth it to acquire the Martial Artists needed to destroy the Kandrian Empire. After all, it was just money that could be rebuilt again.

However, if they failed to stop the Kandrian Empire at this juncture, then they were screwed.

Prime Minister Edward turned toward the clan leaders of the Sekigahara Confederate. "The Sekigahara Confederate has triggered countless local and civil wars in its domain of influence for centuries. Just the price to have you halt it will be something that many nations will be very willing to pay rather than have their lands ravaged by wars that they cannot stop. I'm sure that you will be able to borrow many Masters or perhaps even Sages with the complete halting of all covert interference that you use for triggering conflicts. They will gladly fight to destroy the Kandrian Empire if it means keeping their home nations free from civil conflicts. It is the ideal incentive program that will save you money and bring you Martial Artists."

The clan leaders fell into thought as they realized the genius of such a plan. It was indeed true that expenses took care of themselves. Of course, not triggering wars was a tough condition, as they triggered wars to increase the demand for Martial Artists, who were needed to win wars.

However, it was still far preferable to losing the war against the Kandrian Empire due to insufficient firepower to win with minimal losses.

In the past, the Sekigahara Confederate would have never taken such a stance. However, the fiasco of the previous battle was something that had shaken them to their core. Losing so many Martial Masters at once had shattered all shackles on the course of action that they would take.

Anything to ensure that the Kandrian Empire experienced the despair it felt and was ruined forever.

"With these three methods, the three of our nations can squeeze as much Martial capital from nations in our sphere of influence," the prime minister continued. "While the Kandrian Empire does have a much more favorable relationship with nations in its sphere of influence, it also does not use forceful methods to get what it wants, limiting it in that regard. If all goes well, we will be able to build an enormous army with enough power to wipe out Kandria with minimal losses."

This was the plan.

The measure that Emperor Rael had taken as a part of his grand plan was enough to close the gap between Kandria and its enemies so that they would not be able to achieve anything less than an excruciating pyrrhic victory.

In order to achieve a palatable victory, the three powerhouses needed to gather as many Masters and Sages as they could from across East Panama to ensure that they gained enough power to wipe the Kandrian Empire out with overwhelming force without having to suffer horrific losses.

"But…" President Raymond sharpened his gaze as he eyed Prime Minister Edward. "Will that be enough to take down Kandria?"

"Absolutely not," Prime Minister Edward nonchalantly replied. "In fact, I am certain that he has predicted my response.'

The two sides grew alarmed at his words. "What's the point of pursuing this plan then? Are you trying to lead into a loss?"

Prime Minister Edward heaved a sigh. "The reason that he has foreseen our response is because it is undoubtedly the best choice at our disposal. It would be foolish to let go of this opportunity to greatly bolster our net war potential with the aforementioned plan. In other words…"

He narrowed his eyes, "…he needs to demonstrate that he is able to overcome this. Of course, knowing him, this isn't something he cannot overcome, especially when he has been planning this long before the war came."

"What could he possibly do to overcome such an overwhelmingly large gap in net war potential, however?" President Raymond.

Prime Minister scorned him with contempt. "He already did it once with you lot. He crippled both and sealed or destroyed more than half your war potential. It is possible to do it again, especially if he foresaw this three years ago, as I suspect he did. The difference is…"

Prime Minister Edward smiled coldly, "I'll be his opponent this time."

He closed his eyes as his mind parsed through all possible decisions and choices that his rival and enemy could take and were likely to take based on the most promising outcomes. It was a game that two could take.

"It all depends on how powerful his treasures are…" he tutted, "he has an advantage on us. However, I cannot conceive a future where he wins without also pursuing the same strategy. The best way to counter us gathering Martial capital from East Panama is to do the same thing."

The clan leaders of the Sekigahara Confederate grew more enthusiastic at his words. "Doesn't that mean we have an advantage? After all, three Sage-level powerhouses can gather more Martial capital than one, right?"

"You'd be right in ordinary circumstances," Prime Minister Edward answered them earnestly. "However, these are not ordinary circumstances. Kandria has a lot of attractive things to offer. Breakthroughs, accelerated growth, healed and improved Martial Bodies, longevity potions, abundance of rare precious resources, prophecy. It all depends on what limits his treasures have. However, there's no doubt that he will pursue some strategy that will allow him to leverage these treasures in a relationship to ensure that he doesn't fall behind in borrowing Martial power from East Panama."

The two parties stiffened at the Prime Minister's words as they realized his words made sense.

"Then…" President Raymond gritted his teeth. "How can we ever borrow Martial power faster than Kandria? At this rate, we will never reach a position where we can overwhelm the Kandrian Empire in war with minimal losses!"

The air grew heavy under the shared frustration that the others felt. It was almost as if the Kandrian Empire would win no matter what they did.

"The solution is elementary." n/ô/vel/b//in dot c//om

Prime Minister Edward's tone was steely. "We announce to East Panama that our alliance will wage war against any nation in East Panama that dares to ally with the Kandrian Empire."

Prime Minister Edward knew that Emperor Rael would definitely also have to borrow Masters and Sages from East Panama to ensure that the Kandrian Empire did not fall behind the alliance, which would also be doing the same thing.

In that case, Edward had no qualms about leveraging the might of three powerhouses to inspire terror in all nations in East Panama.

President Raymond and the clan leaders quickly acquiesced as they rapidly proceeded with the plan they had agreed upon. Ordinarily, they would have stalled, resisted, and delayed, lest they dance to the tune of a rival powerhouse. However, this time they did none of that.

There was too much at stake.

Everything was at stake.

Within a month, the three Sage-level powerhouses issued a public announcement.

First, it announced the founding of the East Panamic Treaty Alliance led by the Britannian Empire, the Republic of Gorteau, and the Sekigahara Confederate.

Secondly, it declared war on all nations allied with the Kandrian Empire.

East Panama shook with horror as the war escalated even further, swallowing up much of human civilization.

A war that would define the future of the Panama Continent. -



Chapter 2259  A Month



Rui woke up groggy and disoriented after what felt like an eternity.

His vision was blurry while his mind was a mess.

For more than just a few moments, he was lost.

Who was he?

Where was he?

Why was he here?

What happened?

It wasn't until he got up, easing himself onto the bed in his medical ward, that it finally came back.

"Kane…" he murmured lightly as his eyes lit up with delight. "Heh, he broke through." n/o/vel/b//in dot c//om

Rui was deeply delighted at his friend's breakthrough, not to mention the Gatekeeper's breakthrough as well.

Kane had demonstrated an extraordinary level of power when he broke through, reaching a higher starting point within the Master Realm than most Masters. He also defeated Rui in a duel by using his greatest trump card when Rui had made the mistake of lowering his guard down. He had made an enormous amount of progress in the manifold after spending seven years in it.

Unlike Rui, his Martial Path was not reactive, and neither was his growth. It meant that he could spend massive amounts of time in isolation training without needing to experience external forces to grow.

It was something Rui envied but did not like.

The Gatekeeper was also similar to Kane in that he benefited greatly from it, more than most people would.

He also had one of the most unique Martial Minds Rui had ever seen. Rui hadn't been able to spend much time pondering it back then, for they were in the middle of a dire battle, but he intended to learn as much about it as possible.

"A system of thought for training…" He grew engrossed in the matter, "is within my capabilities."

He didn't need to add it to his Martial Mind, of course.

He didn't want to weaken his Martial Mind in combat by adding a training Martial Mind to it.

However, it was worth pursuing it because he had inherited the memories of a man who had conducted plenty of research into combat training. Of course, much of it was invalid when it came to Martial Bodies, but there was plenty that could still be applied.

"I'll put it on the list."

He was glad that Sir Armstrong managed to break through to the Master Realm; if anybody deserved to be rewarded for their perseverance and dedication, it was the man who'd spent about five hundred years in grueling training without ever faltering.

He had always been respected by the Masters of Kandria, but soon, he would have the power to boot. Rui had no doubt that with his explosive training progress, his Martial Mind, and the manifold's acceleration, his Martial Body would reach extraordinary levels of power previously thought impossible.

Kane, on the other hand, had started enormously high from the very get-go.

Rui had learned more about Kane in that battle.

The truth was that Kane did not want to be broken through artificially the way he had been last time. Because being broken through artificially meant that he would be much weaker than Rui was.

After all, Rui needed to threaten the destruction of one's path in order to trigger their breakthrough.

However, he could not do that against an equal, only against people significantly weaker.

Thus, if Kane was artificially broken through, it would mean he had made no actual progress with his goal of reaching Rui.

That was something that Kane was very unwilling to let be the case.

Thus, he had worked extremely hard in the Manifold to reach a level of power so great that not even Rui would be able to dominate him or threaten to break him through with his own power.

On the surface, that might seem entirely irrational, and perhaps it was to a certain extent. However, Rui understood why Kane had chosen to go that route. His goal to become Rui's equal or as close to it as possible was not just something he pretended to harbor without taking seriously but was something he intended to achieve.

Thus, Rui actually respected his friend's determination to refuse to be weak enough just to break through to another Realm. There was no point in pursuing power. It required him to forsake the reason that he pursued it in the first place.

And it paid off; Kane's breakthrough was something that he could truly take pride in because he broke through to the Master Realm of his own merit. His breakthrough was entirely natural, and the trigger had been to defeat Rui in a battle rather than Rui breaking him through artificially.

As long as Kane continued to work hard and grind in the manifold, it wasn't entirely impossible that he would eventually catch up to Rui. It was actually something that Rui looked forward to, as Kane was the only Master of the same generation as Rui.

CLACK The door opened, breaking Rui out of his thoughts and bringing him back to the real world. He found himself looking at four Martial Masters who had been standing guard outside his medical ward.

"Your Highness, you have finally woken up."

Rui raised an eyebrow. "…Finally?"

They glanced at each other before heaving a sigh. "It has been a month since the battle passed, Your Highness."

Rui's eyes widened. "…I didn't even use my Martial Mind."

"According to the Divine Doctor, that is the only reason that you haven't suffered permanent brain damage," they informed him with a soft sigh. "What you did was reckless, Your Highness. There was no need to push yourself after the battle. Especially when you informed us you were going to merely watch."

Rui's expression grew sheepish as he recalled exactly what he had said to Master Zentra. "Ah, well, my bad. I had not gone there with the intention of acting. I just found myself in circumstances where I had no choice but to act. I think the outcome speaks for itself, though."

"We are not chastising you, Your Highness. What's done is done. Now, however, you must deal with the consequences of your actions."

-



