Chapter 1931  Difficulty



Not only did they journey to the northern side of the Beast Domain, but they were also moving radially closer to the center of the Beast Domain. They could clearly notice the growing difficulty of traveling through the Beast Domain.

The environment grew increasingly hostile to life. Their travel speed slowed down while they also began taking an increasingly larger number of breaks. Furthermore, the very act of taking a break became challenging because of the number of regions and places within a region where the two of them could take a break reduced substantially.

Everything became harder and harder.

Even food became significantly more difficult as even the crazy amount of food pills that Rui had prepared were being depleted.

They began hunting more as a result, relying on their environment for food while going back to the food pills only when the environment had nothing edible to offer. They increasingly began facing adversities that Martial Artists were generally not accustomed to facing.

The art of surviving became more important than the art of martial affairs: Martial Art. Their inexperience became increasingly painful as the two of them traveled slower and slower than they had hoped, often time regressing back because of poor navigational choices.

It wasn't just enough to have a mental map of the Beast Domain, although that certainly did help. The two never got lost in the Beast Domain and were never stranded without having any idea where they were.

This was estimated to be the fundamental cause of fifty percent of missing adventurers in the Beast Domain. The Beast Domain robbed one of a sense of direction. The extended remain without prepared resources caused being lost or stranded and eventually led to death due to other causes, such as environmental or ecological factors.

Rui managed to avoid this entirely due to a form of directional-vector tracking on the map of the Beast Domain that he stored mentally. Thanks to this, they always remained largely on track, even if Rui's lack of experience with the Beast Domain led him to make the wrong choices every once in a while.

Yet, that wasn't the only reason that the two young men managed to avoid death.

"Stop!" Rui pulled at Kane's shoulder, preventing him from taking another step.

Ahead of them was an open ocean filled with mist. Its waters were pitch black, entirely opaque to anything that wanted to sense it. It was eerie. Yet that alone was hardly anything special.

Rui and Kane had passed through regions of fiery fires so hellish that one would think it was straight out of Dante's Inferno. Yet, this one was special.

Rui knew they ought not to set foot in the water.

"What's the matter?" Kane frowned. "I thought you said the Adventurer's Guild's data said this region was largely barren?"

Rui didn't respond with words. Instead, he activated his Martial Heart, launching three Mighty Roar Flash Blasts one after another. VịSit no(v)3lb/!n(.)c𝒐m for new 𝒏ov𝒆l𝒔

BOOM BOOM BOOM!

Three hills of water momentarily erupted into the air under the immense destructive power of a Martial Senior.

Nothing out of the ordinary to Kane.

Yet, it was what followed that shook him.

RUMBLE!

The entire region began shaking violently. The sea quivered before it began violently spiraling and converging at a distant point.

Kane's eyes widened as an enormous whirlpool large enough to swallow a mountain appeared on the horizon. At the bottom, a hole as wide as a town appeared.

At its edges and inside it were countless razor-sharp teeth of all sizes.

Any and every sea creature that entered the hole ran into them, being shredded on the way in.

"What the hell is that?!" Kane shrieked with horror.

"That's a charybdis," Rui spoke gravely. "The Sea of darkness is filled with them."

"Oh, hell no!" Kane exclaimed, backing away from the sea. "How the hell could the Adventurer's Guild say that it was a safe zone?"

"Because charybdises are almost impossible to detect. They are extremely good at hiding. They only begin feeding when they sense a magnitude of disturbance within their weight class," Rui said, heaving a deep sigh. "The adventurer's Guild relied on adventurer reports for its intel, and any adventurer that ever learned of the charybdis is probably dead. Hence, it was never reported, and the Adventurer's Guild basically marked it off as a safe zone based on those that never saw it when passing through the region."

"That's crazy…" Kane perked. "Wait a minute, how did you know it was there?"

He glanced at Rui inquisitively.

"Prophecy."

Rui didn't need to elaborate.

This wasn't the first time that it had happened, either.

"Man…" Kane turned back to the enormous charybdis in the distance swallowing up an entire section of the sea. "What would we do without your grandmother? We'd be dead without her. Turned into food for a sea monster."

Rui couldn't deny those words. Charybdises manipulated water to increase its friction with other substances, making it almost impossible to escape when one was submerged within it, being dragged and absorbed toward the creature's mouth.

While Rui was an extremely powerful Martial Artist, most of his power was born from the timing and placement of movements that perfectly adaptively evolved to counter his opponent. However, timing and placement weren't really relevant. Sometimes, in such extreme situations, physical power was the only path forward.

In such a circumstance, the Gatekeeper was probably the only one who could be unafraid.

"No wonder adventurers die left and right," Kane snorted. "It's actually crazy that they go in despite such unreliable intel. When I went to the Beast Domain, I only went to the fringes of the Beast Domain. Going any deeper is insane."

"…I had initially been a little irked that my grandmother showed me futures where I die instead of stuff about the Divine Doctor, but…" Rui's tone was relieved. "Now, I'm grateful that she did."

He would have died before he even reached the Valley of Prisms if not for his grandmother knowing what was best for him.



Chapter 1932 Higher Aspirations

﻿﻿Because the difficulty of surviving, sustaining, and progressing in the Beast Domain only grew higher the deeper they went, their journey stalled significantly. Of course, while it got harder, it naturally made them stronger.

Rui forgot what protection felt like during this time.

He forgot what safety felt like during this perilous voyage through the Beast Domain.

The fourteen months he had spent under constant protection from Martial Masters might as well as have happened ages ago. While he previously felt like he was stalling and growing rusty due to the lack of danger that served as a crucible to forge Martial Artists, now, he felt like he was perhaps in too much danger.

It shook any rust he thought he had accumulated off him.

Now, he had very naturally learned to grow an eye at the back of his head. A state of subconscious alertness in every inch of his environment was absolutely necessary and naturally came.

That was how omnipresent the perils of the Beast Domain were.

In the Human Domain, Rui had a lot of confidence in his sensory prowess. If his senses didn't detect any threats, then he could have a high certainty that there weren't any threats. While Martial Artists of higher Realms with decent stealth could still hide from him, such a circumstance was extremely unlikely.

The Beast Domain was different.

Camouflage, stealth, deception... these had all been dialed to eleven in the Beast Domain. Rui had lost count of the number of times that his senses failed to detect threats until the very last moment, almost getting him and Kane killed.

It forged him to be a stronger Martial Artist in more than one way.

THWOOM THWOOM THWOOM THWOOM THWOOM!

Rui fired off a powerful tier-five Transverse Resonance attack, blasting five griffons in the face.

"RAAAWWWWWWWRRR!" The powerful beasts roared in pain, failing to avoid them as the Pathfinder technique refused to let them escape.

They swiftly surged, encircling Rui, converging on him.

Yet, he didn't so much as budge. Instead, his muscles enlarged, and his body swelled with enormous power.

BOOOM BOOOM BOOOM BOOOM BOOOM!

He felled them each with a single strike, killing them on the spot with enormous raw power. He didn't often get to test his peak power with Hypertrophic Surge, the boost from the Roaring Dragon Blood potion, along with his offense.

He had come to the realization that he didn't have powerful offensive techniques that resonated well with the VOID algorithm and the SOUL System. Thus, it made sense to use Hypertrophic Surge if he was fighting a balanced battle.

Once he completed the predictive and SOUL models, his defense and evasion were extremely amped up. The same could not be said for offense. Thus, he strove to use Hypertrophic Surge to compensate for this shortcoming.

He had noticed this before, even with the predictive model, but it had become extremely exacerbated with the introduction of the SOUL System.

"RAAAWWWWWWWRRR!" A griffon surged towards Rui, trying to catch him off-guard, yet he didn't need to intervene.Thê sourc𝗲 of this conte/nt n/o/v/(𝒆l)bi((n))

SPLAT SPLAT!

"RAAAWWWWWWWRRR!" The creature screamed in pain as Kane's dagger dug deeper and deeper into its eyes, going even further.

The brain.

The creature fell from the sky lifelessly as Kane smirked. "Thanks. I wouldn't have been able to kill a high-grade creature all by myself."

"Good job, let's get back into hiding."

Rui was not pleased with his victory.

He would rather have avoided the fight altogether, but the griffons managed to sniff them out despite Void Step and Phantomind Void. Thus, Rui had shifted his misdirection stealth to Kane, misdirecting attention away from him rather than himself.

This essentially made Kane extraordinarily undetectable, allowing him to partake in battles that he ordinarily wouldn't be able to. Regardless, the moment they finished the unavoidable battle, they immediately went into hiding, nervously glancing at the center of the region they were in.

An enormous mountain that extended many kilometers into the sky stood towered over the entire region.

It was not, in fact, a mountain.

It was an elder golem.

A Master-level creature.

Just looking at it sent shivers down their spine.

It slumbered, unperturbed by its surroundings.

A single attack from the creature could lay waste to a region spanning more than a hundred kilometers in diameter.

Rui had been quite nervous about awakening it by their battle, but thankfully, Martial Seniors were too weak to bother it, it appeared.

"That's a Master-level creature?" Kane asked for the umpteenth time. "You're telling me the Kandrian Empire has a hundred fifty of those?!"

"We are considered a powerhouse for a reason." Rui grew grave. "If it wakes up, just the act of waking up may wipe out all life in the vicinity."

He felt powerless in the face of such a being. Despite the fact that they were many kilometers away from it, it radiated passive amounts of pressure that rattled him to his very bones.

He realized how much control and discipline Martial Masters had over their aura. They didn't let it flood an entire nation and traumatize all the citizens unless they did it on purpose. They didn't let their power leak unless on purpose. On top of that, they didn't possess much more raw power than Rui did, generally. However, their minds and cognition had risen to such a level that they could do with the Martial Heart as Martial Apprentices did with normal human power.

Compared to them, Martial Seniors like Rui were cavemen using rifles as a club.

The very thought evoked deep dissatisfaction within the depths of Rui's heart. A deep yearning for that power boiled within the depths of his heart.

"Hey." Kane's voice snapped him back to reality.

"Hm?"

"We just crossed the final region of the North-West region of the Beast Domain," Kane remarked. "We're here."

Rui turned to overlook the view that spread far past the eye could see.

"The northern region of the Beast Domain," Rui remarked, narrowing his eyes.

-



Chapter 1933  Fog of Fear



They had finally reached the northern region of the Beast Domain after months of travel through the Beast Domain. Marked by an enormous mountain range that extended in the northwest direction, Galahar Mountain Range offered them an enormous view of the north of the Beast Domain.

A vast and diverse world stretched beyond them, filled with all kinds of wonders and miracles that beggared the imagination.

"Crazy world," Kane remarked, turning towards Rui. "Where to, now?"

Rui glanced to his right. "…Deeper into the Beast Domain, of course."

He gazed in the direction of the center of the Beast Domain, towards which the entirety of the Beast Domain animal kingdom migrated.

"We are still some distance away from the brink of the Master-level regions of the Beast Domain," Rui continued. "You said we aren't searching for the Garden of Salvation," Kane raised an eyebrow. "I thought that meant you had some other plan of sorts."

"I do," Rui replied calmly. "I'll execute it soon. We'll have to get as close as possible to maximize our chances of getting into the Garden of Salvation."

"If it exists," Kane heaved a sigh.

Rui smiled wryly. "Yes, if it exists."

Rui would have loved to believe that the Divine Doctor was a sane man who would never pursue something that had no physical evidence pointing to its existence. However, he could not say for sure. Everything he learned about the Divine Doctor from the Beggar Sage and the memories of the animals that he scanned suggested he was a maniac.

A madman.

Rui, in and of himself, would never try searching for the Garden of Salvation. But now, he had been forced to make plans that assumed its existence and tried to fulfill the conditions needed to get in.

"Huff…" He shook his head. "Let's go." Th.ê most uptod/at𝓮 n𝒐vels a/re published on n(0)velbj)n(.)c/o/m

The two of them dove deeper into the Beast Domain, keeping an extremely alert and vigilant eye on their surroundings. Both of them had suppressed their auras to the very limit, refusing to draw any attention.

In the outskirts of the Beast Domain, they let their auras shine loud and bright to scare off the weaker Apprentice and Squire-level creatures of weaker regions.

But doing that here would get them killed.

"What an absurdly large forest," Kane muttered as he studied the environment around them.

It was a jungle with lush greenery. From a distance, it was an entirely ordinary sight. Up close, however, one would realize that each of the countless blades of grass in the forest was taller than a human being.

Each tree was an enormous sky-scraper, while every single animal was gargantuan.

Rui and Kane had been reduced to insects in this region. While Kane marveled at the possibilities of the Beast Domain, Rui experienced a wave of deja vu, recalling that the Great Forest of Hypnonarak had a similar region to it.

"Master Zeamer must have gotten that part of his forest from this region," Rui smiled wryly. "He's certainly powerful enough to survive even in this region without any problems."

Yet, this forest was even larger than the Great Forest of Hypnonarak. The two Martial Seniors truly felt insignificant in such an enormous region. On top of that, there were especially large creatures even within this already enormous region. RUMBLE!

The very lands beneath their feet shuddered under the seismic radiation that came from every single step these titanic creatures took.

Many of them were considered Master-level in that only a Martial Master possessed the power to take them down. Rui and Kane were definitely eager to avoid such massive creatures, but thankfully, it was extremely unlikely that they would be able to catch the attention of such powerful creatures.

After all, how often does a fly manage to draw the attention of a tiger?

The biggest issue was that even if they didn't draw the attention of powerful Master-level creatures, they could still die as a result of their actions. If Rui and Kane were unlucky enough to run into the rampage of the devastatingly powerful creatures, then they would die. At the very least, Kane had absolutely no chance of survival.

Rui's senses spiked to peak alertness as he immediately applied the Angel of Laplace to the most dangerous threats in the region.

An elephant. Ordinarily, a creature considered to be on the lower end of the Apprentice Realm was now a bone-chillingly terrifying Master-level creature now that Rui had been reduced to an insect before it.

Rui's eyes widened as his predictive model shot him a warning of what was to come.

"MOVE!" He bellowed in warning as his Martial Heart flashed into existence.

BOOOOOOOOOOOOOOM!!!!!

The very world shook as a rampage of enormous buffaloes shook the world around them violently. Radiating calamitic seismic radiation with each gallop.

"Let's go!" The two of them activated their Martial Hearts, shooting away from the region at top speeds.

From the perspective of the animals in the region, the region was actually quite small. But from the perspective of the two Martial Artists, it was far too large!

"This place is crazy!" Kane exclaimed. "We could die at any minute!"

"That's good." Rui's gaze sharpened.

"What?!"

"If you feel that way, that means we're increasingly closer to the brink of Master-level regions that only Martial Master can survive in," Rui remarked. "Which means we're closer to the boundary along which the Garden of Salvation exists."

"Yes, but how the hell are we going to actually enter?!" Kane yelled in frustration.

"Like this," Rui turned to him, staring him in the eye as he activated a new hypnotic technique.

"Fog of Fear."

Suddenly, Kane felt boundless primal fear erupt from within the depth of his heart. It was the most primordial fear that any living creature could experience.

The fear of death.

His body stiffened while his muscles clenched and his pupils dilated as endless amounts of adrenaline and endorphins were poured into his bloodstream.

"AAAAAAAAAARGHHH!" Kane broke out into an all-out panic as he shot off. He mindlessly activated Fulminata Godspeed, running away at top speed.

Rui, on the other hand, maintained his calm and composure, activating Neo Godspeed, his predictive and SOUL models on Kane, trying his best to keep up with the speedster.

-



Chapter 1934  Copycat



This was the plan that Rui had devised when he realized that the Divine Doctor had gone to the Garden of Salvation. The moment he realized that they needed to enter the Garden of Salvation, he knew that they could not find it through physical search.

After all, that was why the Divine Doctor chose such an intricate and elaborate plan to extract all the fear from the Forest of Fear.

It was all for the sake of entering the Garden of Salvation.

Rui didn't feel the need to reinvent the wheel.

The Divine Doctor's solution was ingenious, and Rui would most likely have arrived at the same solution himself. The difference, of course, was the execution. While the Divine Doctor used his medical and pharmaceutical ingenuity to create extremely potent fear hallucinogens containing the full power of the Forest of Fear, Rui decided to employ one of his own personal strengths and talent: hypnosis.

Creating a technique that induced fear was not easy; however, it was within his capabilities. If he wanted to generate a fear of death, he needed to hypnotize them to believe that they truly were dying. He needed to plant the very sensations of death in the subconscious mind of the target.

Thankfully, he knew what death felt like, thus, that was no issue.

He recalled the smell of death while he was stuck in an ICU room back on Earth at the age of fifty-nine.

That was what the suggestion he planted in Kane's mind.

He didn't reveal this plan to Kane because awareness reduced the effectiveness of hypnosis. He didn't want to stack the odds against himself any more than they already were.

By his estimations, the acceptance rate of Martial Artists was barely one percent, even when closest to the region alleged to have the Garden of Salvation. Rui had run the number of Martial Artists in the regions closest to the alleged location of the Garden of Salvation, and when closest, it was still extremely unlikely.

Thus, to keep Kane in the dark, he developed the technique secretly without ever letting him know the plan to ensure its maximum effectiveness. Because it was a hypnotic technique, Rui could develop it within his mind. Of course, he was unable to test it rigorously, which was an important part of the technique development process. On top of that, because he didn't have much time to develop it, it was not as refined as he would have liked. In addition, it was not a combat-oriented technique, unfortunately. At the very least, he would need to know his opponent as well as he knew Kane in order to inspire such enormous amounts of fear.

Thankfully, the technique appeared to be working exactly as he intended as Kane mindlessly sprinted through the region at top speed. Rui kept up despite being slower, if only because he could predict Kane thoroughly, choosing to take shortcuts to destinations that he foresaw Kane would reach. With such a deep amount of insight into Kane, Rui could also protect him extremely well, making sure to heavily attack anything that dared try approaching him. He did this all while waiting. The region they were was so dangerous that Rui was certain that they were very much within the domain of influence of the Garden of Salvation. Ne/w novel chapt𝒆rs are p/u/blished on no/vel(/bin(.)c/o/m

Regardless of what mechanic the Garden of Salvation used to evaluate whether a living being needed a safe haven, Rui was sure that the two of them satisfied those conditions. He made sure to stick as closely to Kane as possible to ensure that he was associated with him while also naturally having relieved his own death in order to convey it to Kane through subconscious non-verbal communication. Yet, while his own technique inspired immense fear within his subconscious mind, his conscious mind was able to detach from it, focusing only on his rationality and external awareness. He was only able to do this because his conscious mind knew it was fake. On top of that, there were very real dangers and sources of fear that he truly could not ignore. The region they were in had a much higher density of Master-level creatures than any they had been in before. The fact that the Divine Doctor had attempted something similar despite only being a human being physically was something that shocked Rui now that he was actually going through it.

This was an environment that would kill normal humans just based on how naturally harsh it was, let alone its powerful ecosystem. However, that worked in his favor for getting into the Garden of Salvation. After all, it meant that his need for a safe haven was much stronger than that of Martial Seniors like Rui and Kane.

If that was the case, it certainly increased his probability of getting in since he certainly wasn't faking his need for a safe haven; the madman was genuinely in grave danger.

Of course, he was immortal, so his soul wasn't in danger, only his brain and body. The Divine Doctor had been killed many times, yet he just appeared over and over as if his soul could actively transfer from vessel to vessel.

Unfortunately, Rui and Kane could not astrally detach from their body and latch on to another one; thus, they faced actual death.

Thus, in hindsight, it could be said that they were even crazier than the Divine Doctor because they could actually die while the bottom line for him was soul-transferring to a new body and being forced to start over again.

Even as they sprinted through the enormous forest, Rui could not help but feel jealous that they had to actually face the risk of death while the Divine Doctor basically had a save point and could go all over again if he were to meet death.

Unfortunately, Rui was desperate. Finding the Divine Doctor had easily become one of the most challenging non-martial undertakings of his life. Even Chairman Deacon had not been such an annoying thorn in his side.

-



Chapter 1935 Mistaken Challenge

﻿﻿"AAAAAAAARGH!" Kane continued speeding through the forest without even a hint of slowing down.

Unfortunately, the region was too dangerous for them to run through it at such high speeds without running into threats.

THUD

"OUCH!" Kane cradled his head as he ran into a gigantic boulder, blasting into it powerfully.

Except the collision made the boulder bleed red blood.

Which made him realize it wasn't a boulder at all.

It was the toe of a giant primate.

Its toe was so large that it was easy to mistake it for a giant boulder. Yet when one beheld its entire body, the true size of the creature became clear to all of them. Each strand of fur was like a large pillar to Rui and Kane. Its entire body was absolutely enormous as a whole.

"Hrrfff…" it huffed lightly as it noticed incredibly minute but strangely powerful creatures that pricked at its toe.

It was somewhat unusual as size usually had a strong correlation with power in the Beast Domain. While there were plenty of notable exceptions, a large majority of powerful creatures that could only be dealt with by Martial Artists of higher Realms were powerful because of their size.

Its eyes widened with hunger as it felt the remarkable potent power of the Martial Heart.Thê sourc𝗲 of this conte/nt n/o/v/(𝒆l)bi((n))

Powerful predators required powerful prey. After all, they needed a source of energy to sustain their incredible power.

Rui's expression grew grave as its hand reached out to the two of them, eager to pick them up and gobble its small but powerful prey in a single go.

Yet, what was a simple, relaxed gesture to the primate was nothing short of a life-threatening attack of devastating power to Rui and Kane!

"AAAAAARGHH!!!" Kane tried running away from the creature in raw terror and in vain.

"Hrrf…" it huffed as its hand surged forward, reaching for him.

BOOOM!!!

Rui's expression grew fierce as he blasted the enormous hand away with a powerful tier-five Transverse Resonance.

It took him his most powerful attack just to deflect a relaxed and casual gesture.

The eyes of the primate turned aggressive. It inhaled deeply, causing an enormous suction force that pulled Kane back even as he tried running away at top speed in a panic.

WHOOOOOOSH!

"Rgh!" Rui gritted his teeth, doing his best to resist the suction force as his expression grew grave.

He knew what was to come.

And it came swiftly.

'Breathing Crucifix!'

"RRRAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAARRRGRHHRGHR!" The creature let out a bellow that was more powerful than anything he had ever heard in his entire life.

BOOOOOOOOOOOOOM!!!!!

The sheer power of the scream had it not been dispersed, would have killed Rui and Kane then and there. Rui had pulled Kane to him while barely firing off a tier-five Transverse Resonance to neutralize as much of the power as he could.

Yet, not even that was enough.

"Rgh!" The two of them grimaced as a devastatingly powerful impact crashed into them. Even though it was just a tiny speck of the total power of the bellow, it still overwhelmed Rui's counter.

BOOOOOM!!!

Vegetation was erased.

Land was uprooted.

RUMBLE!

Heaven and earth screamed as the wave of pure destruction went on to annihilate all the land around them, yielding a crater far larger than anything Rui had ever seen. It was as though an enormous meteorite had struck the region, wiping out all life within a dozen kilometers of the impact, leaving only a deep abyss formed by its sheer power.

Not even Chairman Deacon's suicide bomb had unleashed such world-shattering devastation.

Not even the Gatekeeper at the very pinnacle of his output had matched the sheer destruction that had graced the world.

The attack had knocked Kane out, breaking most of the bones in his body even after Rui shielded him with Nemean Blossom while he himself had been left bleeding across his body.

Rui's expression grew grave as the powerful creature approached them with greater eagerness and hunger. What was an extraordinarily powerful

Rui grew grave as he activated a powerful Mind Mask, flaring as much bloodlust as he could.

It was a Master-level Mind Mask.

The obsidian wyverns, being extremely sensitive to fear, had been able to see through it, but he highly doubted that a dim-

witted primate would be able to.

He was right.

Unfortunately, what he was wrong about was believing that being stronger would deter the creature away from him.

He was dead wrong.

A fake Master-level aura erupted from deep within Rui's mind.

The many Senior-level creatures in the region ran away in fear.

However, while it drove away weaker creatures, it only drew stronger creatures!

It only drew other Master-level beasts from across the entire region who sensed the projected bloodlust.

It was a challenge.

It was a mistake.

RUMBLE!!!

Rui shuddered with horror as he understood the blunder of his choice.

The first to arrive was a crow so enormous that its wings were as large as the town of Hajin. They snuffed out the sunlight, returning the entire region to darkness. Its pitch-

black eyes bore into Rui's, evaluating him.

SSSSSS!

Chills crawled across his skin as a giant cobra slithered to the area from the forest of the region, crushing mountain ranges as it made its way to Rui, its tongue flicking up and down.

CLICK CLICK CLICK

His horror only grew when he saw a massive spider emerge from the region. Despite its enormous size, it didn't so much as send even a slight tremor or release the slightest vibration.

Yet the feat only shook him more.

BOOOOOOOOM!!!

Rui's eyes widened with shock as a tsunami erupted from the sea in the region, rushing over to where he Rui was.

Yet the water never dispersed.

It stayed together, slowing down. Within it, an enormous shark comfortably swam, manipulating the water to remain around it.

RUMBLE!!!

An unfathomable amount of seismic radiation erupted from deep within the land. An enormously large and powerful creature hurtled towards Rui from underground.

BOOOOOM!!!!

Rui froze in terror as he recognized the enormous mountain of a creature rising from within the ground.

An earthen basilisk.

One that had managed to survive and consume long enough to become a Master-level creature.

The six Master-level creatures of the region had arrived at the challenge that Rui had issued to all of them, beholding him Rui with bloodlust.

-



Chapter 1936  Combined Confrontation



The six Master-level creatures were not only the apex predators of the region but also its rulers in many ways. These aggressive territorial creatures had risen victorious in hunts and territory disputes over many centuries, growing stronger and stronger with each victory until they reached their current size and degree of power.

It was a feat that could not be understated.

Competition in the Beast Domain was extraordinarily brutal, not just because it was inherently highly competitive but also because of continuous human encroachment and annexation of Beast Domain territory. This continuously forced even greater inward migration, increasing density and, thus, competition.

What could be said of the creatures that rose victorious over centuries in such a competitive environment?

What could be said of monsters that had been forged in the crucibles of the Beast Domain to become the undisputed rulers of their region?

At the very least, Rui had no words to describe them.

The monkey, the crow, the snake, the spider, the earthen basilisk, and the shark each radiated bloodlust as they beheld the creature that had challenged them.

As highly territorial creatures, it was not a challenge that they could ignore. It was not a challenge that they were willing to delay, either.

A single meaning radiated from their non-verbal communication.

Impudent human.

Raw horror erupted from within Rui as the creatures leaped into action, converging on him. RUMBLE!!!!!

Heaven and earth shook violently, rocked to their very core as the six Master-level creatures launched six extraordinary attacks at him.

The combined might of six Master-level attacks converged onto where he stood. Thê sourc𝗲 of this conte/nt n/o/v/(𝒆l)bi((n))

Rui never stood a chance from the very beginning.

BOOOOOOOOOOOOMMMMMMMMMMMM!!!!!!!!

The resulting explosion from the sheer weight of their attacks far exceeded anything that the Martial Senior had been hit with. The devastating power that ensued tore the world asunder.

Nature itself mourned as the power that the six Master-level creatures spread.

They spread far beyond the region.

The ripples from their powers caused earthquakes to ravage regions beyond theirs. They caused many hurricanes and tornadoes to erupt in the surrounding regions.

The topography of the native region of the six Master-level creatures had been altered beyond recognition. The catastrophic power of the six Master-level creatures exceeded that of natural calamities. When exerted, the very world around them bent to their power. It was power far beyond that of the Senior Realm.

It took a long time for the world to settle from the destruction that the six Master-level creatures had unleashed. When the dust settled, the impudent Martial Senior was gone.

Not even ashes remained.

It was as though the combined devastation that the six apex rulers of the region had erased him from the very world around them. The impudent human was doomed from the very beginning

In fact, the outcome was so incredibly one-sided that the six Master-level creatures could not help but wonder why the impudent human had been confident enough to challenge them.

Usually, whether due to intelligence or a sense of self-preservation, the creatures that challenged them were not too below them. Even if they were weaker, they usually weren't so to a degree where the six of them could effortlessly dominate them; otherwise, they would have never issued a challenge in the first place.

In this case, however, for the first time in their life, they had been issued a challenge by someone powerful enough to warrant being taken seriously but ended up being weaker than any of their previous challengers.

They were not particularly surprised by the creature's size. They had faced enough Martial Masters in the past to know that these creatures, despite their diminutive size, were able to exert unfathomable power. In the past, there had been many such Martial Masters who were strong enough to fight all six of them together.

With unfathomable speed, power, and defense and a ming-bogglingly complex and sophisticated fighting style, each of the six Master-level creatures had quickly learned that they could not fight against Martial Masters by themselves.

They were often too lacking by themselves.

Oftentimes, they were far too slow to even touch Martial Masters; sometimes, they were too vulnerable. Other times, they simply had no solution to the absurd techniques that these annoying creatures used.

Whether it was things like misdirection or hypnosis, poison or weapons, as well as powerful forces that they didn't even understand. Just the fact that these monsters had absolute control and mastery over their power allowed them to wield it like surgeons, leaving the beasts and monsters of the Beast Domain feeling primitive and paltry in comparison.

Then there was the fact that these creatures could transform into an entirely different existence, becoming inscrutable to fight!

It was unfathomable.

They were gods of war. Monsters of conflict. Beings born for the sole sake of combat in the eyes of powerful beasts and monsters of the Beast Domain. That was why all six of them had come to fight Rui together when they sensed the familiar aura of a Martial Master. Only the six of them together possessed the power to defend their territory from the overwhelming might of Martial Masters. These experiences made them wary of the human domain from which these beings came. Who knew just what kind of horrors it held?

That was also why they were barely able to coexist. If not for the pressure from the Human Domain and the Martial Artists that scoured it, these creatures would have long begun challenging each other for absolute dominance.

Each of the six creatures glanced at each other, flummoxed, before going back to their sections of the forest. They each had claimed about a sixth of the region that suited them, uncaring for the other parts.

They each returned, grateful that what was shaping up to be a destructive fight with a powerful foe turned out to be a false alarm with a weakling whom they annihilated with ease.

Alas, they didn't understand just how wrong they were in that regard.



Chapter 1937  Sought Explanation



Rui opened his eyes.

A deep sense of comfort saturated every cell of his body. So much so that he felt reluctant to even move.

To even think.

"What…?" He frowned hazily.

His confusion was palpable.

He didn't know where he was.

He didn't know what was happening.

He was unable to connect his current circumstances to his memories.

He didn't even understand what he didn't understand.

On the ceiling above was a picture of Bruce Lee. John had plastered it on his ceiling when he moved in, all so that the last thing he would see before the world went dark was Bruce Lee taking his iconic and classic stance.

A surge of nostalgia erupted within Rui.

Yet, it also felt wrong.

He turned to the side groggily inspecting.

[8:59 AM] His eyes widened with shock.

A digital clock listed the time in Arabic numerals and English letters stared him in the eye. It had been thirty-three years, yet he could never forget the numbers and language from his previous life. After all, John used to work with them all the time.

Rui's eyes turned to the rest of the room, utterly shaken by what they saw.

There were posters of Bruce Lee across the entire room, featuring different iconic moments as well as his most famous and profound quotes. Including the one that would go on to become his life's greatest ambition and his Martial Path.

[Be water, my friend.]

A thundering realization finally struck him as his groggy mind finally woke up fully. "This…" He whispered, thoroughly bewildered to the depths of his heart. "This was my apartment back in my previous life."

Having purchased it in Manhattan, New York, long before real estate prices rose, he had lived even longer in this place than he did in the Quarrier Orphanage. It was identical to how he remembered it, identical to how it was in his Mind Palace.

However, he was certain that he was not in his Mind Palace.

No.

There was no doubt that this was the real physical world.

And yet, he was standing in a place that was supposed to be in an entirely different world from the one Rui had been reborn in.

He walked over to the window, mind-boggled, as he peered through it.

He was not ready for what he saw.

His eyes widened with unadulterated raw shock as a world, unlike anything he had ever seen, stretched far beyond what the eye could see. A world with countless living beings of countless species.

From deadly apex predatory species like dragons, phoenixes, liches, basilisks, kirins, krakens, and hydras to docile herbivorous species like catoblepas, blackhinds, unicorns, pegasi, kitsunes, and jackalopes. From ordinary garden-variety vegetation to the most esoteric and powerful flora.

This world had all of them.

They lived in harmony, side by side, in a vast bountiful world that altered itself to cater to its residents.

It was inconceivable. So much so that one would have dismissed it as fiction.

Yet, a thundering realization dawned on him as his sharp vision discerned the obscured enormous structure in the deep distance.

A tree.

It was so unfathomably gigantic that one would mistake it for topography if one didn't pay attention. It radiated a profoundly tranquil sense of power unlike anything Rui had ever felt in his entire life.

It was at that moment that everything clicked.

A flood of memories rushed back to Rui.

While following Kane in his artificially induced state of panic, they stumbled into a Master-level creature by accident. Rui tried deterring the creature with the Master-level Mind Mask, but it had backfired horrifically as several more Master-level creatures appeared.

Rui recalled the horror he felt during the final moments of that encounter as each creature pounced on them with an unfathomable amount of devastating power. And that was when the very world around him had shifted. "It worked…" Rui whispered, stunned.

They had succeeded in getting into the Garden of Salvation.

The weight of this realization was heavy. It was difficult to fully comprehend even as Rui wrapped his mind around it. Before, he didn't even know if the Garden of Salvation was real.

Now, however, he had entered it.

A magical world said to be of paradise. An amazed smile emerged on his face as he realized that the Garden of Salvation had protected them at the very final moment. The combined effects of Kane's artificially induced horror and his own very real horror from having faced Master-level beasts in he flesh seemed to have been enough to trigger their acceptance into the Garden of Salvation.

He glanced at the various creatures in their various habitats with awe.

The rumors didn't lie.

The world did adapt to their needs.

He glanced around his environment as realization dawned on him. "Memories…" He whispered. "That must be it. It taps into the memories of the creature to recreate the perfect environment for the creature."

That would explain why he found himself in a room that didn't belong in this world. It would explain why the room was identical to the one that he had baked in his Mind Palace. The world must have tapped into his memories to recreate the environment that the creature had spent the most time. In his case; his apartment in New York.

He glanced back at the window, staring out into the massive expansive scenery out in the distance as his bewilderment only grew. What truly was the Garden of Salvation?

How could such a place come to exist?

Why did such a place come to exist?

How did it bring him here from the cusp of certain death?

Questions that were previously asked in skepticism and intrigue were now reiterated with unadulterated astonishment and raw bewilderment.

"Awake, huh?" Rui jolted as Kane's voice broke out of his reverie, turning to see his best friend.

"Kane…" Rui murmured.

The man walked over to Rui, staring at him for a moment.

BAM!

"Ouch!" Rui grimaced. "What was that for?!"

Kane stared at him wordlessly.

"Oh…right, my bad," Rui apologized, a smile twitching at the edge of mouth.

BAM!

"You already hit me once."

"You're not sorry."

BAM BAM BAM!

"Ok ok!" Rui suppressed his smile. "I'm sorry, see?"

Kane sharpened his eyes, peering at him suspiciously, only for the smile to return.

BAM BAM BAM!

Rui laughed even as Kane threw a flurry of jabs at him, beating him up until he was satisfied.

"With that out of the way…" Kane huffed cathartically.

His expression grew serious as his eyes sharpened.

His tone darkened. Thê sourc𝗲 of this conte/nt n/o/v/(𝒆l)bi((n))

"You wanna explain what this room around me is?"



Chapter 1938 A Simple Question

﻿﻿Rui's laughter froze.

His stomach dropped as he recalled where they were standing.

In a room full of alien symbols, alien technology, and alien culture.

No sane person could possibly ignore that.

Kane certainly didn't.

The air grew heavy as his eyes bore into Rui's.

He could not hide his uncertainty.

"I have no idea how, but when I woke up, I found myself in the quarters I'd spent all my life living in after leaving my family." Kane's voice was mirthless. "I kinda figured your quarters to be the Quarrier Orphanage, since you've lived your entire life there, but this…"

He glanced around. "I'm not the most knowledgeable person, but I don't think there is any place on the Panama Continent that looks like this."

He turned to Rui. "Either this place made a mistake or…"

Rui closed his eyes. "It isn't."

At that moment, all the fascination and awe that he had been feeling for having beheld the Garden of Salvation dropped. All the relief for having survived what would have been absolute death disappeared. The curiosity that had been brimming in his mind was snuffed out in just a moment.

Kane stared at Rui with confusion and uncertainty.

It was understandable.

He had just learned that the home where Rui had spent the most time was not the Quarrier Orphanage.

To say that he was utterly shell-shocked to the very core of his being would be an understatement.

Kane had woken up earlier than Rui, mesmerized by the environment, yet when he found Rui's quarters beside his own, he was utterly paralyzed by what he saw inside. The idea that Rui had lived somewhere else even longer than then he had the Quarrier Orphanage.

It didn't even parse.

His heart palpitated when Rui denied it being a mistake.

In truth, he had already known that it probably wasn't. However, if Rui had just told him that it was all a mistake and he had no clue why his place looked so alien, then Kane would have taken him at his word, regardless of whether he was lying or not.

Yet, Rui affirmed that this was the truth.

Kane stared at him like he was a different person.

How could he not?

How could it not utterly alter the very foundations of who he had thought Rui was in the depths of his mind?

"I…consider it my deepest secret."

Rui's tone was severe.

The atmosphere grew taut, boiling with tension.

"I am a person from another world."

Kane's eyes widened.

"I was born, raised, and lived out a whole life in another world. I died in another world. And then…"

He opened his eyes, meeting Kane's shocked gaze. "…then I was reborn in this world."

Kane froze at that explanation.

"…What?"

Rui heaved a deep sigh. "I know it can be hard to acce-"

"Wait." Kane did a double take. "You're from another world? Doesn't that mean you're legitimately the Antithesis?"VịSit no(v)3lb/!n(.)c𝒐m for new 𝒏ov𝒆l𝒔

Rui's expression darkened. "Don't bring that up."

"Damn…" Kane started laughing. "So that religious Master was right the whole time? You did her dirty."

Rui glared at him while Kane indulged himself, laughing at his friend's expense. "I can't believe you're so relaxed about this."

Kane stared at him silently.

Fear gripped Rui's heart.

Fear of rejection.

There weren't too many people who had such a sway over him.

Kane was one of them.

What if he shunned him for being an alien?

What if he shunned him for deceiving him their entire friendship?

What if–

"Why are you looking at me like that?"

Kane's voice broke him out of his daze.

He stared at Rui with clear eyes.

"We're friends, aren't we?"

A simple question.

Yet, it slapped him in the face.

Rui stared at him for a moment before breaking into a smile.

"...Yeah, we're friends."

"I swear sometimes you forget the most basic shit." Kane snorted. "Besides, it all makes so much sense in hindsight."

Kane's eyes wandered around as he revisited old memories.

"Your composure and maturity, even when we were thirteen, were exactly what they are today. Almost as if you were an adult the entire time. Then there's the fact that you were extraordinarily knowledgeable. Your extreme affinity for thought even when we were kids. It's crazy, but it all makes sense."

He turned to Rui. "…What was your previous life like?"

Rui smiled wryly. "I'm sure you can figure that out."

"You're right. Let me guess, you were a famous Martial Artist obsessed with Martial Art and adaptive evolution or something. What Realm did you reach? Wait, did you just do a convincing job of fooling me that you were new to each Realm in this life?"

It appeared that the moment the initial shock subsided, Kane's curiosity had gotten the better of him.

Yet Rui shook his head. "There was neither Martial Art nor Martial Artists in my previous life. There were martial artists."

Rui uttered in English.

"Uh…what?"

"Basically, the concept of cultivating human potential Realm by Realm did not exist," Rui remarked. "You recall the foundational combat styles that the Academy taught to freshmen? That's the only thing we had."

Kane shook where he stood as he stared at Rui in disbelief. "What?! That's crazy! You lived in a world without Martial Art?!"

Rui heaved a sigh, nodding his head. "Though obsessed with combat sports, I was. I was a sports scholar and a specialist in mixed martial arts. A niche field within sports science of which I was the leading authority."

"I'm not even surprised. I literally can see it; it's so easy to believe."

"Also, you were correct about one thing."

"Oh?"

Rui smiled. "I was obsessed with adaptive evolution from the very start."

He gestured to a Bruce Lee poster on the wall. "That man there uttered a quote that would go on to become my life's greatest ambition and my Martial Path."

Kane's curiosity only grew. "You can't say all that and not tell me what he said."

Rui's smile widened. "He said, 'Be Water, my friend.'"

"Oh, he was your friend?"

"…No."

"Then—"

"That's not the part I was hoping you would focus on." Rui furrowed his eyebrows at him, earning a smirk.

The atmosphere lightened as the two of them bantered back and forth. The initial shock of the revelation had worn off even though Kane was far from processing everything he had heard.

Perhaps he was able to shake it off because it didn't change the bottom line.

Regardless of where Rui came from, he would pursue his Martial Path. And Kane would do his best not to be left behind by his friend.

-



Chapter 1939  Otherworldly Knowledge



Very few things would have been able to draw their attention away from the fantastical Gard of Salvation. The revelation that Rui was a being from another world who had been reborn in this world was, in fact, one of them.

Once Kane calmed down, his curiosity revved into top gear. "Does dying hurt?"

"What did you guys have if not Martial Art?"

"How old were you when you died?"

"Did you guys look like how we do?"

"Was the esoteric stuff of your world different from ours?"

Rui patiently answered each and every single one of them, hoping he would run out of questions as soon as possible. But alas, he didn't. He patiently absorbed all of Rui's answers, deeply pondering them.

"What do you mean you didn't have esoterics?" Kane tilted his head in confusion.

"My old world didn't have magical substances capable of magical feats," Rui replied. "We have to do make to do with regular old materials and substances."

Kane's eyes widened with shock. "What?! Man, you guys had it rough, huh? I can't imagine how much life sucked."

Rui winced at his reaction. "Well, while there are many, many things that can be accomplished via esoterics. You would be shocked by how much can be accomplished with normal stuff just by gaining a deeper understanding of their properties and the laws that govern them."

Kane raised an eyebrow. "Oh yeah? Like what?"

Rui smirked. "Like sending people to the moon without esoterics or Martial Art."

Kane scoffed in skepticism.

"I'm not kidding." Kane, too, realized that. "…Seriously?"

Rui nodded. "It's why I am not as optimistic as other Martial Artists that Martial Art will forever remain the dominant force in this world. The power of science and technology combined with the magic of esoteric phenomena will yield a combination that is probably more powerful than anything we can ever imagine."

Sometimes, Rui contemplated that possibility deeply. What if someone in this world eventually came up with Newton's Theory of Gravity, Maxwell's Theory of Electromagnetism, and, more importantly, Einstein's Theory of Relativity that led to the discovery of the equivalence between matter and energy?

The world will have gained access to enormous destructive power on top of what they already had. Yet, as bad as that was, what made Rui nervous as a Martial Artist was IT; information technology. It was one of the few avenues where modern Earth was vastly superior to human civilization on the Panama Continent.

The cost of production of IT in this world was high due to relying on expensive magical, esoteric substances that were not available widely. That same limitation made it such that only the top one percent could have access to reliable information or communication technology.

If they reached even a fraction of what Earth had been capable of in the twenty-first century, then he had strong reason to believe that the dominance of Martial Artists could be under grave threat.

Powerful computer systems could be used to engage in the processing of information needed for weapons to keep up with Martial Artists to even a minor degree. The inability of the esoteric weaponry and artillery, wielded by humans, to keep up with Martial Artists was the primary reason that Martial Artists were the most powerful weapon in the Age of Martial Art. VịSit no(v)3lb/!n(.)c𝒐m for new 𝒏ov𝒆l𝒔

Even if the former possessed far more raw destructive power, being able to effectively target and take down Martial Artists before they moved at extraordinary speeds and dismantled any artillery or siege establishment was impossible.

"Wait, doesn't that mean you could damage Martial Art a lot if you spread that knowledge?" Kane asked nonchalantly.

Yet he had touched on a sensitive topic.

Rui was not a physicist or an engineer, but he did have a degree in physics and had developed a foundation in a lot of fields that were relevant to combat sports research in some way or the other.

He had a lot of knowledge that could change the world. He had been…limited in his spreading of the knowledge because he feared the changes it could bring about to the broader society around them. Especially the negative changes that harmed Martial Art.

That was the reason that his divulging of knowledge from Earth was done only for the sake of Martial Art and never without it. He didn't mind releasing such knowledge as long as it benefitted Martial Art.

However, he believed that eventually, the human domain of the Panama continent would progress and reach Earth's understanding of non-esoteric reality. The human civilization in this world was identically intelligent to that of his previous life. Thus, there was no cognitive barrier to making the progress he had known in his previous life.

The only reason that they had yet to do so was because most research was directed towards esoteric sciences that studied more fascinating and fantastical manifestations of reality. Thus, if Rui truly wanted to adaptively evolve to any and everything, then it was something that could not be avoided.

"I could damage Martial Art if I spread it hazardously," Rui answered his question promptly. "But I believe that Martial Artists can benefit from it just as much as they could be hurt by it. Ultimately, I will strive to do what is best for Martial Art. Not just for the sake of Martial Art, but also for my own personal ambitions. It will be much better for me if Martial Arts as a whole can deal with what is to come because I intend to become the strongest of them all."

"Hmmm…" Kane grew absorbed in thought. "Do you have a plan for how you're going to do that?"

"…No," Rui admitted. "It's not something that I plan out. I do not care to take the effort of planning out something as extravagant as the integration of knowledge from my previous world into the human civilization of Gaia. What little I have already done came about naturally from sharing my techniques with the Martial Union."

-



Chapter 1940  Everything I Need



He had shared several techniques in the past that contained bits and pieces of knowledge from his previous life. He believed that that was good enough, for the most part. There was no need to accelerate to try and integrate greater amounts of science into Martial Art organically.

Additionally, he knew very little about how Martial Artists of the Upper Realms fought; it was entirely possible that they had already integrated some concepts of science into their Martial Art. After all, he had already seen Sage Sayfeel warp space itself to propel them forward.

"Interesting…" Kane murmured after the initial wave of questions subsided. "Crazy stuff, man. Also, I might be thirty-three years late but welcome to this world. Hope you enjoy your stay." Th.ê most uptod/at𝓮 n𝒐vels a/re published on n(0)velbj)n(.)c/o/m

Rui chuckled in response. "It's been a good life thus far."

Just not being shackled by crippling asthma was more than he could have imagined and asked for in his previous life. However, then being able to literally live his dream was something that John could have never imagined.

While his current life had its ups and downs, it was ultimately a more splendid life than he had ever hoped. "If I can just find this Divine Doctor…" Rui murmured, glancing out the window.

He didn't know if the Divine Doctor had even successfully made it to the Garden of Salvation. In some moments, he did a double-take at the notion that he himself entered the Garden of Salvation.

"Come on…" He got up as his eyes sparkled with curiosity. "I can no longer delay exploring this crazy world."

He exited the room, taking to the skies. The higher he reached, the further he could see.

Yet, he could never see its end.

He never saw a boundary or anything resembling one.

He continued elevating to greater heights, yet the Garden of Salvation never once revealed a limit.

It was a world that stretched far beyond even the most distant horizon.

"Just what…?" He murmured softly.

Just what was this world?

The magnificent paradise stretched out far beyond anything he had ever seen. He could never have imagined that such a place truly existed in the Beast Domain. In fact, even at this very moment, he had a hard time believing that it was true.

"So…" Kane caught up with him. "What's the plan? Surely you don't intend to manually look for the dude here, right?"

"Well, that was never the plan anyway; scanning memories is better than scanning the environment," Rui replied calmly. "But…"

"Yeah," Kane glanced at the vast land spread across an enormous expanse of a biosphere. "No way you can possibly scan all their memories. Especially the one that can kill you in a heartbeat."

Neither of them had missed the presence of several Master-level creatures in the distance. An enormous orange dragon sat solitarily atop a volcanic mountain, monopolizing the entire place for itself. It was smaller than the Master-level creatures Rui had faced before getting transported here, yet it felt far more perilous.

On the other hand, a bird of flames nested itself comfortably in an active volcano.

It, too, was a creature that sent chills down his spine. These were prideful solitary creatures that had very little qualms of reducing any and everything around them to ashes. Rui would rather avoid them as much as possible.

However, while the fauna and flora were truly a spectacular sight to behold, it wasn't what truly drew his attention.

No.

It was the world that cradled them that drew his attention. He watched as it altered the very fabric of its existence to perfectly suit the needs of the creatures it hosted. It was one thing to hear questionable secondhand accounts of it and another to actually witness and experience it himself.

He bore witness to the Garden of Salvation in the flesh.

He watched, with all his senses, as the Garden of Salvation warped heaven and earth to their very root.

Chemical composition. Density. Geometry. Mass distribution. Pressure. Heat. Elasticity. Friction. Conductivity. Optical density.

All of it.

All of it constantly changed and altered to perfectly cater to each creature, like a custom-tailored suit. It was a level of heaven-bending and earth-bending beyond anything he could fathom, the likes of which he didn't know was even possible. Yet, as mind-boggling as the domain-bending was, it still wasn't what truly shook Rui to his core.

No.

It was the purpose and the direction of the domain bending that truly shook him to his core.

A single whisper escaped him.

"Adaptive evolution."

Bending heaven and earth to adaptively evolve to a specific target. It was precisely this core principle that Rui had centered the Yggdrasil System around. Yet, today, he had come across a world that embodied that principle more than he had ever fathomed possible.

While the Yggdrasil System adaptively evolved the world to harm its target, the Garden of Salvation adaptively evolved the world to protect its target. It used the power of adaptive evolution to create a paradise that served as a safe haven for countless lives.

It was a world that embodied adaptive evolution far more than Rui did.

Yet, this revelation didn't dishearten him.

No.

"This world is everything I need." A glint of greed flashed in his eyes as he broke into laughter. "With the help of this world, I can elevate the Yggdrasil System to even greater heights."

A gleeful cackle reverberated through the depths of the Garden of Salvation as a maelstrom of greed, desire, and ambition surged from deep within the depths of his heart.

"Oh boy…" Kane murmured as he watched Rui descend into unhinged laughter, heaving a sigh. "We're going to be here a while, aren't we?"

Rui didn't even hear him over the sound of a storm of thoughts and emotions raging within the depths of his mind. It raced into action as he processed every single iota of data he had on the Garden of Salvation.

He felt like he was on the cusp of learning an important truth.

"Come on, we're going to explore this place."

-



