Chapter 1961  Departure

1961  Departure

The two quickly packed up all their essential needs, restocking their supply of high-quality food pills from the Elder Tree, taking everything they needed for a long journey to the Mellow.

His stoic eyes slowly returned to the Elder Tree. "Once again, thank you for saving our lives."

What should have been a pleasant, warm expression of gratitude turned into what was almost an intense face-off.

"Thank you for telling us where the Divine Doctor went," Rui continued, devoid of warmth. "Thank you for bequeathing a millennium's worth of knowledge and experience with the biosphere of the Beast Domain."

…Thank you for knowledge from another world. The Elder Tree returned his gratitude. I look forward to you keeping your word in regard to aid from the Kandrian Empire.

"I will." Rui nodded slowly. "You know that."

I do. Be sure to plant a grove of connector tree species in the Kandrian Empire.

Rui nodded. "Well then. It's been…enlightening."

"Bye-bye!" Kane waved at the enormous tree. Good luck finding the Divine Doctor, and goodbye.

Kane's eyes widened as the Elder Tree transmitted a private message to him just before they were teleported out of the Garden of Salvation.

Look after him, Kane. He needs you. He needs you more than you realize.

WHOOSH!

The world around them magically shifted in a single instant.

They found themselves in the Beast Domain outside of the Garden of Salvation. Rui narrowed his eyes sharply as his expression grew cold. "No more safety from this point on. Let's go."

Kane nodded, staring at him uncertainly, keeping the Elder Tree's message close to heart. He didn't fully understand what had happened to Rui. Th.ê most uptod/at𝓮 n𝒐vels a/re published on n(0)velbj)n(.)c/o/m

He certainly didn't understand what he could do to fix his friend. Or whether something could even be done.

However, he knew that he could be there for his friend.

"We have nine months left," Rui remarked with a flat tone. "We need to get from the North of the Beast Domain to the South."

Kane's eyes narrowed. "I mean, just getting from the West to the North took three months. Wouldn't that mean this journey would take twice as long?"

Rui softly shook his head, sharpening his eyes dark eyes. "We took three months because I sucked as a navigator. With our tremendous speed, we could have made it in two months."

"Did your navigation skills improve recently?"

"Yes."

He didn't bother elaborating. However, it was self-explanatory.

The inheritance from the Elder Tree had given him a fundamentally deep understanding of how to navigate the Beast Domain. The Elder Tree had given him a map of the Beast Domain that was exponentially more precise and accurate than the one that he got from the Adventurer's Guild.

In fact, in comparison, the Adventurer Guild's map was not only useless, it was downright dangerous. Rui was hardly surprised that adventurers had the highest mortality rates among all Martial Art professions in existence.

It took Rui a combination of the Elder Tree's knowledge and his grandmother's prophecies, two extraordinary trump cards to not feel like he would die in the Beast Domain at any given moment, and even then, they would have, if not for the Elder Tree saving them.

This time, however, the journey was a lot safer than Kane had expected. They didn't run into countless ambushes or attacks and were rarely caught off-guard. For the first time since entering the Beast Domain, the two of them truly lived the philosophy 'the only way to win a fight is to avoid it.'

Kane had to admit that Rui had been precisely on point when he said he could get them there much sooner. They zipped through the Beast Domain, navigating through niche routes and paths that efficiently avoided danger in the Beast Domain. They traveled at a far greater pace than Kane had ever imagined possible. Rui didn't talk much during the journey. He had grown more silent and aloof, limiting his words to the bare minimum whenever he did talk. It was as though the experience of inheritance broke his ability to be moved.

Thus far, he had yet to crack even a smile at anything not related to his Martial Art or his Martial Path. Not for lack of trying, Kane had tried his damndest to make him laugh with all kinds of jokes, yet none of them could so much as even stir him.

Yet, that wasn't the only change that he had undergone. Unsurprisingly, Rui became significantly more effective against beasts and monsters.

BAM BAM BAM!

SPLAT!

Three hippogriffs exploded upon contact with Rui's attacks, entirely annihilated.

"How'd you do that?!" Kane marveled at him.

Rui's eyes turned towards Kane slowly.

"…They have extreme tension piled up in a blood sack within their navels. Striking it causes the pressure to imbalance, leading to an explosion."

His voice was detached.

"I see…" Kane smiled wryly. "Useful to know, I guess."

Rui wordlessly strove forward, continuing their journey south. With his newfound expertise, a journey that would have taken six months only took three months, allowing them to reach the Mellow in the southern part of the Beast Domain.

In addition, despite being tucked in the Master-level belt of the Beast Domain, they managed to traverse through the Master-level belt without too much difficulty. While ninety percent of the master-level belt was in Master-level zones, Rui managed to employ the knowledge inherited from the Elder Tree to plot out exactly the right path so that they could avoid being killed.

Danger zone after danger zone, region after region, monster after monster. STEP

The two arrived over a cliff that overlooked a normal, peaceful region that stretched out as far as the eye could see under a normal blue sky. The vegetation and flora were entirely normal, which was strange for the Beast Domain.

Rui spotted herds of deer and other herbivorous creatures, yet he was also able to see normal tigers, leopards, and other entirely mundane predators.

"Is this the place?" Kane huffed, tired.

Rui simply stared at it wordlessly.

"If it is…" Kane remarked. "The Elder Tree was right. This place doesn't belong in the Beast Domain."

-





Chapter 1962 Disappeared

"Mmmm…" Rui's dark eyes sharpened.

Kane was on point with his judgment.

"This place belongs in the Human Domain."

His voice was as soft as it was detached.

BADUMP

He activated his Martial Heart, spreading his senses across the Mellow, searching for the Divine Doctor. VịSit no(v)3lb/!n(.)c𝒐m for new 𝒏ov𝒆l𝒔

Much to his disappointment, he couldn't find him.

His displeasure darkened the atmosphere as his expression grew more severe.

"Relax, man," Kane put a hand on Rui's shoulder. "I'm sure we'll soon find him."

He didn't respond.

STEP

He leaped off the cliff, free-falling off the cliff, plummeting straight down to the Mellow.

Kane heaved a deep sigh, following suit.

THUD

"Now what?" Kane asked, landing behind him. "I suppo-"

RUMBLE

He paused as Rui activated a breathing technique, bending heaven and earth with breath bending as he extracted every single fauna lifeform across the entirety of the region that stretched as far and wide as a town did.

One by one, every animal of every species had a capacity for intelligence was extracted from the forest, drawn towards Rui by powerful wind currents and pressure gradients.

Rui stared at them with chilling eyes.

"Soul Void."

Suddenly, the world went dark as a flicker of light drew the attention of their consciousness to the side.

Sleep. Rui whispered to their subconscious mind.

Ironically, they did fall asleep on the spot instantly.

"Hahaha!" Kane burst out laughing. "These creatures aren't even Apprentice-level, dude. You gotta tone it down."

SNAP!

He flicked his fingers hard, causing a powerful shockwave to wake all of them up, deactivating his Martial Heart. Without it, he managed to get them all in a deep trance before quickly activating Plurichroma.

Immediately, the world around them changed radically, going through every single frequency of light and sound as he swiftly created SOUL models on every single creature.

He couldn't help but marvel at how it was a breeze.

The mental stress he experienced during this process was trivial in comparison to the inheritance from the Elder Tree. The latter had drastically improved his information influx stress tolerance, allowing him to engage in greater processing power in the heat of the moment.

So much so that things that he used to find somewhat stressful had become a lot more manageable. While his mastery of the Angel of Laplace had yet to reach a stage where he could use it without being frozen in place, he had made a significant process.

Who knew that the solution to making progress on that front was mental torture?

Soon enough, the SOUL models on each of the creatures were complete.

Now came the moment of truth.

He conveyed an image of the Divine Doctor through non-verbal communication, convincing his subconscious mind that he really was there, and sure enough, they recalled the Divine Doctor really well as they immediately began reliving their memories of him.

That was not the surprising part.

What stunned Rui was how long ago these memories were created based on their freshness.

"He was here…a day ago?" Rui's dark eyes lit up with surprise.

"What?!" Kane stared at Rui in shock.

A flicker of realization dawned within Rui's empty eyes. "He took much longer to reach the Mellow than we did. He's a human, so, of course. What was a three-month journey for us might have been a decade-long voyage for the Divine Doctor. But still…"

It was an astronomical coincidence.

Yet Kane didn't care, turning around as he spread his senses far and wide across the Mellow. "Where is he?! We must find the bastard!"

On that point, Rui was in complete agreement.

"Search for him in the forest while I search through their memories," Rui told Kane as a hint of vigor momentarily returned to his voice.

It was surreal that they had gotten this close to him.

They had already set out looking for him roughly three years ago.

'Where did all that time go?'

The darkness within Rui's eyes stirred as he peered into the minds of his hapless targets.

He spotted their memories of the Divine Doctor, walking across the Mellow earlier that day.

They stayed away from him.

Almost as if they instinctively sensed the menace that he was.

The Divine Doctor walked across the Mellow, experiencing the region with detached clinical curiosity.

And then he disappeared.

"…What?" A chilling whisper escaped him as his eyes sharpened to slits.

He didn't understand.

He had already evaluated that it could not possibly be due to a broken memory. Broken memories did not result in a single person disappearing from the memory while everything remained pristine, as opposed to the entire memory degenerating as a whole.

On top of that, this was hours ago.

As primitive as these creatures were, surely their memory was not that pitiful.

THUD

He dropped the creatures immersed, deep in thought, as he waited for Kane to return.

Yet, he never did.

His desolate eyes lit up with concern. "…Kane?"

His senses spread across the entirety of the forest as his Martial Heart blazed into fury.

Yet, his friend had all but disappeared.

RUMBLE…

Raw peril flushed out from his body, causing heart attacks from the surrounding creatures frozen in a trance.

Yet, he didn't care.

His dark eyes, devoid of life, flickered with a single emotion.

Fear.

"He's not dead." Rui declared. "They're not dead."

Yet the uncertainty in his voice could not hide itself. Those words were to convince himself more than anybody else.

His eyes flashed with unfathomable power as he activated the true Angel of Laplace. An ocean of data of vectors converged onto him within the depths of his mind.

Yet, it could not so much as make him flinch.

The darkness within his eyes stirred as he processed every ounce of data at breakneck speeds. His horrific tribulations with the inheritance elevated the speed at the sheer speed at which he processed everything that the Angel of Laplace threw at him.

Within an hour, he was done.

And that was when the very flow of time reversed.

It was as though the fabric of reality had been rewound.

He turned back time further and further back.

Second by second.

Minute by minute.

"…There," he whispered as his dark eyes widened with a flicker of hope.

Kane suddenly reappeared in his visions of the past as he spotted the exact moment and place where Kane had disappeared.

It was on the banks of a lake.

RUMBLE!

In one fell swoop, Rui made an enormous leap as his Martial Heart flared with power, propelling himself close to the place where Kane had disappeared.

Yet, when he arrived, he hesitated.

He didn't know what this esoteric phenomenon was.

For all he knew, it could be something that erased targets out of reality.

…It could even be that Kane and the Divine Doctor were dead.

There was only one reason he didn't think so.

"…The prophecy."

A desolate whisper escaped him.

The prophecy showed him meeting the Divine Doctor on a beach. If the Mellow was always his end goal, then the probability he would die when disappearing due to the bizarre esoteric phenomenon was low.

Thus, he could inductively conclude that both Kane and the Divine Doctor were alive, in which case…

He heaved a soft sigh before stepping forward on the banks of the lake as well.

WHOOSH!

He, too, disappeared.



Chapter 1963  At Long Last



WHOOSH!

The world around Rui shifted in the blink of an eye.

One moment, he was in the Mellow.

The very next?

He found himself standing before the shores of a beach.

The softest of smiles cracked at the edge of his mouth as he spotted Kane standing at some distance before him.

Yet, Kane faced someone else.

He had bronze skin, donning an attire that resembled that of a fusion of between that of an adventurer and medical attire. An umpteen number of instruments, artifacts, and tools adorned it from top to bottom, no doubt able to be of aid in nearly every circumstance conceivable.

The Divine Doctor himself.

Not in a memory, not in a prophecy, but in the flesh.

His eyes devoid of any compassion, shifted away from Kane, turning to Rui slowly. Curiosity flickered within their hollow depths as he beheld Rui.

"Interesting."

Kane frowned, turning to follow his gaze.

"Rui!" His eyes lit up with joy. "You're finally here!"

An invisible smile cracked at the edge of Rui's mouth. "You're alive."

"Bring it in, man." He lunged at Rui, pulling him in a bear hug. "After the first few days, I thought we'd never meet."

Chills crawled across Rui's skin at those words. "…Days?"

"Yeah, it's been like three days. Actually, what took you so long?"

The atmosphere grew taut.

The void within Rui's stirred as he stared at Kane gravely. "Kane…"

His dark eyes sharpened to slits. "I entered less than an hour after you did."

Kane did a double-take, cocking his head back. "What?! There's no way!"

Realization had already dawned on him.

"Doctor Kar," Rui addressed the Divine Doctor, his dark, sharp eyes slowly turning to him, meeting the man's clinical gaze. "Could you tell me how long you've been here? I wish to confirm or deny a hypothesis."

The Divine Doctor's smile remained frozen.

Yet a glint of interest flickered in his eyes. Rêađ lat𝒆st ch𝒂/p/ters on n𝒐/v/𝒆/l(b)i𝒏(.)c/𝒐/m

"About two hundred and sixteen days."

"Figured…" Rui muttered severely.

"Figured what?" Kane asked, narrowing his eyes. "Spit it out!"

"This place…" Rui glanced at the world around them. "…Time moves one hundred and forty-four times faster here than it does in the real world."

Kane's eyes widened with shock. "What?! Are you sure?!"

"Certain. The ratio matches both your stated timespans in this world compared to how long you've been absent in the outside world."

"And just how would you know how long I've been absent in the outside world?" The Divine Doctor's tone cut through, seeking to know.

The darkness within Rui's eyes stirred.

They stirred, meeting the clinical curiosity that lay within the Divine Doctor's.

"I verified it in the memory of a deer that spotted your abrupt disappearance when I searched for you in them," Rui truthfully remarked.

Yet, the Divine Doctor's detached intrigue only rose. "And just why would you be searching for me in the memories in the fauna of the Mellow?"

"Because we came to the Mellow to find you, of course," Rui replied. "And just why did you come to the Mellow to find me?" Rui's chilling gaze bore into the man.

"…To compel you to heal my father of the Eternal Dream disease."

In just a moment, all the interest disappeared from the Divine Doctor's eyes.

"Eternal Dream disease?" He murmured, bored. "Trivial. Has the medical community not figured that one out yet? Tsk Tsk."

Rui shuddered as a wave of deja vu washed over him.

Those words.

Those very words had been uttered by the Divine Doctor in the prophecy that his grandmother had shown him. It appeared that now that Rui had reached the Divine Doctor, the prophecies that his grandmother had shown him might start unfolding one by one.

"Will you help me?" Rui stared at the man.

The man gazed at Rui with a hint of derision.

"My father is the Emperor of Kandria." His tone was sharp. "Aid him, and he will reward you handsomely."

A mirthless laugh escaped the Divine Doctor. "What I need, he cannot give. No one can. No one aside from the Martial Transcendents who refuse to move despite reaching the pinnacle of Martial Art."

The weight of Rui's gaze pressed down on the Divine Doctor. The darkness within his eyes stirred.

The endless void within them rumbled. "You…" "Besides…" The Divine Doctor's eyes closed. "Even if I were to agree, and I certainly haven't, it would be meaningless. After all, we cannot leave."

He spread his arms, gazing at Rui with a frozen smile.

"Welcome to my prison." He spread his arms. "I came here looking for clues regarding the illness of my latest patient, but alas, I only discovered that this world is even more fantastical than I had ever expected."

Rui narrowed his eyes. "Prison?"

"We can't leave this place man," Kane grew grave. "I checked this place; it's even more bizarre than the Garden of Salvation. The Garden of Salvation had barriers. An end. But this place…it's continuous. Endless. It loops back over and over, no matter how far you go. It's like it's its own planet! Truly its own world!"

The sheer shock of this revelation stunned even Rui through his cold darkness.

"What…?" He whispered, staring at Kane, turning to the Divine Doctor. "Is this true…?"

"It's a self-warping region of heavily curved space-time," the Divine Doctor replied, intrigued. "It's a shame that the Astromind and Ecologer weren't here; they would have seen through every secret that exists in this place. Certainly, I would have inferred far more than I am able to about the geometry of space-time. It's far too far from my field of expertise."

Rui closed his eyes as a flood of thoughts churned within the depths of his mind.

"If what you told me is true, then it can be inferred that the time acceleration gamma factor of one hundred and forty-four is a result of the self-looping extrinsic four-dimensional manifold." He sharpened his eyes in thought. "In order to maintain the constancy of the speed of light, time warps to cancel out the effects of the space-warping."

-



Chapter 1964  Open



Rui's words were profoundly intriguing to the Divine Doctor.

His eyes remained fixed on Rui.

Yet, the clinical curiosity that lit up within them only grew stronger.

"You." Rui's dark, cold eyes turned towards the Divine Doctor, meeting his gaze.

The Divine Doctor studied the darkness that stirred deep within the depths of Rui's eyes. Yet, not even the mildest ounce of warmth could be detected amidst the deep curiosity that characterized his gaze.

He would dissect Rui apart in a heartbeat if he was strong enough to do so.

"Fascinating." He stared at Rui, evaluating him. "A Martial Master who decided to pursue the sciences. Truly fascinating."

Rui tilted his head slightly. "…I am not a Martial Master."

The Divine Doctor's frozen smile faltered, crumbling ever so slightly.

His mirthless, detached eyes intensified. "…What?" Rui furrowed his eyebrows. "It is exactly as I said. I am not a Martial Master. I am a Martial Senior."

The Divine Doctor's gaze grew chillingly intense, slowly turning to Kane. Kane, too, stared at him quizzically. The Divine Doctor's inhumanly detached eyes returned to Rui. His gaze remained fixed on Rui. "You mean to say…" His voice flickered. "…this is your innate capacity for thought?"

"…I suppose you could say that." Rui's tone was frosty. The Divine Doctor smiled.

It was a chilling smile.

Inhuman.

The smile of a creature that didn't understand such an expression of joy.

That of someone who smiled to deceive.

He walked towards Rui, never once taking his eyes off the man. Kane's expression sharpened nervously as his body stiffened.

STEP

He arrived before Rui.

Rui's dark, cold eyes met the inhuman curiosity that lingered deep within the depths of the Divine Doctor's eyes. CLASP

He put a hand on Rui's shoulder. "I have reconsidered my decision regarding your request. I shall heal your father after you allow me to conduct an invasive neurocranial examination inside your head."

The darkness within Rui's eyes stirred.

A chilling gaze peered into the Divine Doctor's eyes.

Yet, the doctor remained unperturbed, his frozen smile never once changing a shade.

The atmosphere froze, growing chill as Rui's gaze intensified.

The tension boiled as the air prickled.

"Reach for my head, and I'll kill you on the spot." Rui's menacing voice oozed with peril as his dark eyes glared at the Divine Doctor. Yet, the doctor didn't so much as flicker in the face of the chilling warning.

He closed his eyes. "Shame."

He turned around, losing interest as he walked away from the duo.

"Wait." Rui's perilous gaze softened. "And why would I?" The Divine Doctor merrily made his way away from the two of them. "It appears we are unable to give each other what we seek."

"I won't allow a madman like you anywhere near my brain," Rui growled.

"But you'll allow me near your father, eh?" A hint of derisive amusement flashed in the depths of the inhuman eyes of the Divine Doctor. "Yes, actually," Rui's words were sharp. "I cannot trust you, but that doesn't mean I have nothing else to offer."

"I care not for mere rewards." The Divine Doctor huffed. "Besides, any agreement is ultimately meaningless since we cannot leave this place."

Those words finally got Rui turned to pay attention to the world around him. What would have been the very first thing he'd have done when he entered this place had been delayed by finding Kane and the Divine Doctor, who had consumed his attention immediately on arrival.

It couldn't be helped.

He had searched for this man for three years in the Beast Domain and more than a year prior to that after he'd learned about him from his father. This was the ultimate objective of the voyage that he had taken.

The key to solving all his problems since his return to Kandria.

His senses expanded far and wide, stretching deeper inland as he tried to get a stock of what this isolated world was like. He rose to the air, elevating to get a good look at the world they were in.

"This…" His eyes, normally devoid, widened with shock.

The first thing he noted was the absurdly high degree of curvature of the horizon.

Just a hundred meters of the ground had been enough for him to spot the curvature of the horizon!

Even back on Earth, one needed to reach more than ten kilometers to catch even the slightest glimpse of curvature with the human eye.

On Gaia, that height was orders of magnitude higher!

If he hadn't known better, he would have thought he was on a small planetoid in a different world.

Yet, that wasn't the most stunning revelation that bore itself to him.

The inland of what appeared to be an island was occupied by nature. Yet, it was abnormal.

His senses experienced tremendous sensory resistance the deeper they went, but he could sense extremely abrupt and radical shifts in the fauna and flora at certain boundaries.

A gradient of flora and fauna grew thicker and larger as the land grew elevated higher and higher as if displaced.

Unfortunately, he knew exactly what they meant.

"Open dungeon…"

"That's what the Divine Doctor had told me too," Kane murmured, having caught up to him. "What exactly are they?"

"…They're dungeons that are similar to the Serevian Dungeon that the two of us of cleared a long time ago. Except that this is definitely of a far higher caliber than the Serevian Dungeon.

His senses were significantly hampered the closer they tried to get to the center of the open dungeon that he saw before him. R/ê/Ad lat𝙚St ch/a/pters at nô(v)e(l)bin/.c/o//m Only

"I have never heard of a dungeon so powerful that it warped space to such an extent, creating an extrinsic four-dimensional manifold. A literal pocket dimension," Rui grew grim. "This is definitely one of the most esoteric dungeons that we have ever come across. Not even the Elder Tree knew about its existence, clearly. Otherwise, it would have informed us and warned us about it."

This, along with prior information that Rui had on the Mellow, allowed him to develop some hypotheses.

-



Chapter 1965 The Main Problem

Dungeons.

These were esoteric flora phenomena where flora species, having come into contact with some truly special esoteric substances and absorbing them, mutated in a way that altered the entire landscape, leading to an extremely perilous region.

The mutated flora was extremely sensitive to threat levels, attacking anything sufficiently threatening enough before it could even get close enough. Thus, only Martial Artists below a specific degree of power could enter and clear the dungeon.

These esoteric flora phenomena were extremely attractive to humankind, for they were ripe with valuable and rare bounties.

Each dungeon was unique.

They usually had characteristics and traits that matched with that of the esoteric substances that they had absorbed from deep underground mines.

The Shionel Dungeon was extraordinarily sensory resistant, far more so than the Beast Domain or most other dungeons, due to the fact that it was comprised of special potent esoteric substances that halted the flow of energy of any kind.

"This dungeon must have risen from extraordinarily potent space-time esoterics." Rui's cold voice softened.

Considering that the Topaz of Time was considered a Transcendent esoteric, Rui had no doubt that this dungeon was probably also based on similarly powerful esoteric substances. This meant that it was an extraordinary dungeon, the likes of which probably did not exist anywhere else in the entire world! Thê sourc𝗲 of this conte/nt n/o/v/(𝒆l)bi((n))

"Truly extraordinary…" Rui whispered.

His eyes fixed on the extreme curvature at the horizon of the dungeon region. It truly resembled its own minute planetoid. Any creature that had been born within the Mellow Dungeon would definitely believe that this tiny little planetoid-like dungeon was the entirety of the whole world.

His eyes turned to the beach of the dungeon island as he spotted the Divine Doctor nonchalantly sauntering away from them in the distance.

"Kane."

Kane flinched at his sharp voice. "…Yeah?"

"You've been here a few days, right?"

"…Yeah."

Rui slowly turned towards him, his dark eyes peering into his.

"Tell me everything. Everything from the moment you entered to the moment I entered. Don't leave out a single detail."

Kane nodded. "Sure. So, after I entered the Mellow Dungeon…"

Kane began to narrate how he had begun panicking for a few hours after he inadvertently entered the dungeon. His first instinct had been to get back to the Mellow and Rui but he had been unable to find the exit.

He circled across the beach and across the sea, yet he only ran in circles, often returning to his original starting point.

"Did you try going up?" Rui turned to the sky. "That must have been the very next thing you tried, correct? It is the most logical next option."

Kane stared at him. "Oh…"

Rui heaved a resigned sigh as he shot up at full speed, reaching for the depths of the sky.

WHOOSH

His eyes narrowed as he began slowing down the further up he got. Even though he sky-walked harder and harder, he only got slower and slower.

As though an increasingly stronger resistance force refused to pass smoothly.

"I see…" Rui's tone was detached. "So simply reaching for the skies does not permit escaping the Mellow Dungeon. Interesting. It makes sense, considering that the Divine Doctor would have effortlessly overcome such an obstacle. Yet, the fact that he's still trapped here means I can safely rule out all low-hanging fruit."

Rui didn't have a high opinion of his sanity, but the same could not be said about the man's intelligence. The fact that he managed to cook up an elaborate and sophisticated plan to get his hands on fear to get into the Garden of Salvation to meet with the Elder Tree and conduct a trade where he received clues to diagnose his patient showed that the man was extremely strategically intelligent.

The fact that he had been unable to leave showed that the no-

brainer solutions were unlikely to work.

The darkness within Rui's eyes stirred as they slowly turned towards Kane.

"Go on."

"Ah, right," Kane remarked. "So after I tried everything possible, or at least everything I thought of, I ran into the man himself, the Divine Doctor. Thankfully, I recognized him from the memories of the Elder Tree. I've been trying to get him to cooperate with me for quite some time, but I don't think he thinks much of me."

"How much did you tell him about me and our objective?"

"Nothing," Kane replied. "I knew it wasn't my place since this is your imperative, and I didn't think I'd be able to handle it properly."

"Good…" Rui softened up as his eyes remained fixed on the Divine Doctor. "What exactly did you converse with him about then in regards to the attempt at cooperation?"

"I was tryna get him to tell me more about this place since he had clearly been here a while, but squeezing information out of him is like trying to squeeze water out of rocks. It's almost impossible!"

"Mmm…" Rui's devoid eyes fixed on the Divine Doctor in the distance.

"And then, you finally entered the Mellow Dungeon. I didn't know about the acceleration of time in this dungeon. That's why…"

Kane's expression fell. "…I kinda thought you abandoned me."

A maelstrom of thoughts had been raging within the depths of his powerful mind. Yet Kane's words cleaved through it with incredible force as his attention immediately turned to his friend.

"Kane." His hardened voice grew soft as his clear eyes firmly met Kane's gaze. "I'd never abandon you, got it?"

Kane grinned. "Yeah. I'd never abandon you, either."

A fleeting smile cracked at the very edge of Rui's mouth, going away as quickly as it came as his attention returned to the open dungeon in the distance.

"So what now?" Kane asked. "How are we going to convince the Divine Doctor to help us?"

"He's not the main issue right now." Rui narrowed his eyes. "This place is. We're trapped here and until we can leave, the Divine Doctor is not our main problem.

-



Chapter 1966  Core Objective



"Wait, so you're not going to focus on bringing him over to our side?" Kane raised an eyebrow.

"Finding a way out of this place is more important," Rui replied frostily. "Time moves one hundred and forty-four times faster than it does in the real world. In other words, in this world, we have seventy-two years before my father succumbs to his death. Due to this immense time, its urgency has reduced substantially. It is only the second or third-most important agenda at the moment. Getting out of this place has become the number one priority."

"…Makes sense."

Rui's attention returned to the dungeon in the distance. "Let's revise the facts. This dungeon sucked us in from the Mellow and trapped us in a spatially isolated world with a four-dimensional manifold such that exiting the boundary of the world simply warps up back into the world such that we loop back. As a result of this imprisoning mechanism, time is accelerated and this otherwise flat dungeon is extrinsically warped to resemble a planetoid."

"Wait wait wait." Kane raised his hands. "What do you mean 'flat' dungeon? It's clearly a round sphere!"

"I'm saying that this dungeon is a normal part and extension of the Mellow. It's a part of the Beast Domain just like any other region is."

"Huh??" Kane frowned, turning back. "But why does it look like a ball? It loops back in on itself. Isn't this a separate world from Gaia entirely? Like a different planet or planetoid? Maybe somewhere else in outer space far away from Gaia?"

"No. That is absolutely not the case," Rui firmly denied Kane's words.

"How can you be so sure?" Kane raised an eyebrow. "What if it transported us to a different world entirely?"

"Environmental and ecological continuity," Rui quietly replied. "The soil, the bedrock, the minerals and sediments of this place are identical to that of the Mellow. Additionally, the Tree of Life allows me to see, as plain as day, that these creatures are part of the Tree of Life of Panama. There is no way that this is a different place entirely. This is just an extraordinary amount of space warping to create a pocket dimension such that escaping a region from one side causes you to loop back on the other side."

Rui had already deduced that this place was undoubtedly a part of the Mellow. Most likely an island at the center of the lake on the banks of which they had disappeared to be absorbed into the dungeon.

"This dungeon is also almost certainly the reason that there are no anomalies in the Mellow." Rui keenly deduced. "It absorbed the Divine Doctor, you, and then me. But considering that it didn't absorb in any of the sub-Apprentice-level creatures, it can be inferred that the conditions for absorption are specific."

Rui closed his cold eyes as his powerful mind processed all the information, analyzing countless possibilities. "…It cannot be power alone. The Divine Doctor does not possess any superhuman physicality. It cannot be esotericism alone since the Martial Body possesses almost no esoteric substances inherently, and the ones that we embedded in our bodies are minimal, not comparable to some of the Apprentice-level monsters here in the Mellow that have far more than we do, but don't get absorbed. In that case…"

Rui's eyes opened, devoid of warmth. "…Most likely a combination of power and esotericism. I would venture to say that it absorbs anything with the capacity of disrupting the Mellow."

Kane's eyes widened. "If that's the case, that explains why the Elder Tree said that the Mellow has never ever experienced any disruptions or anomalies ever!"

Rui nodded coldly. "Everything would be explained if this dungeon absorbed all the anomalies into it, leaving no anomalies outside for the Elder Tree to detect. But in that case…"

He glanced at the minute silhouette of the Divine Doctor in the distance. "…His journey here was in vain. He came here looking for normality and ended up finding the biggest anomaly that the Beast Domain may have ever seen."

"Yeah, sucks to be him," Kane snorted.

"Kane."

Kane flinched as Rui's sharp voice addressed him. "Yeah?"

"In the time that you've been in this place, did you see human skeletons or corpses?" Rui's devoid eyes turned towards him.

"Now that you mentioned it, yeah, I spotted lots of human skeletons."

"Human or Martial?"

"…I can't really tell the difference."

"Hm, I'll have to put that on the list. It will give us insights into the threshold of the conditions needed to enter this place," Rui remarked stoically. "However, it won't be necessary to exit this place."

Kane's eyebrows furrowed. "You say that like you know what it takes to exit this place."

"It's a simple deduction." His voice was detached. "If we assume that this isolated pocket manifold is caused by the dungeon, then we simply need to destroy the source of it that is creating this manifold."

"…Which is?"

"Most likely a mutated flora lifeform at the center of the dungeon," Rui replied aloofly.

"And how do you figure that?" Th.ê most uptod/at𝓮 n𝒐vels a/re published on n(0)velbj)n(.)c/o/m

Rui's dark eyes turned, eying the entirety of the dungeon. "By gauging the center of this pocket manifold. Do you recall the lake at the center of the Mellow, close to which we got absorbed?"

"…Yeah?"

"This enormous island was most likely at its center, based on the aquatic continuity of the water surrounding the island in this pocket manifold," Rui sharpened his eyes. "It is highly likely that the esoteric phenomenon maintaining this manifold is at the center of it based on the principle that it is warping space equally in all directions. Putting these two together, you arrive at the inference that the source of this pocket manifold is at the center of the dungeon, which, in turn, is at the center of the pocket manifold."

"…I see, it makes sense when you go down that line of thought. That's genius," Kane murmured. "So we just need to clear the dungeon to leave this place? Let's go tell the Divine Doctor!"

-



Chapter 1967  Mindful Advantage



Rui snorted at Kane's words. "That man figured this out a long time ago."

"What?" Kane stared at him. "Why didn't he say anything?"

"He would have if I was a Martial Master," Rui quietly replied, detached. "His interest in me drastically reduced after I informed him that I was neither a Martial Master nor willing to let him poke around my brain. He did well to hide it and mask it with real fascination about my mind, but he was definitely a little disappointed that I wasn't a Martial Master."

"That's why he didn't tell us what you just figured out?"

"Yes," Rui replied. "Because it is highly likely that to clear this dungeon…"

Rui's dark eyes sharpened chillingly. "…one needs to be a Martial Master to have a real chance of success."

"How can you possibly know that when you've been here for like fifteen minutes?" Kane stared at him.

"It's based on the fact that the sensory resistance that I am experiencing when I try detecting what is at the center of the dungeon is extremely high. On par with what we experienced in the Master-level belt of the Beast Domain," Rui replied. "Thus, considering that this dungeon is a completely normal part of the Beast Domain warped inside a four-dimensional manifold, I can strongly infer that the relationship between the sensory resistance and level of danger of this dungeon is identical or very similar to that of the rest of the Beast Domain."

"…Makes sense, but doesn't that mean we're screwed?" Kane asked, growing anxious. "Neither of us is a Martial Master!"

"…" Rui remained silent.

"Rui?"

He closed his eyes, heaving a sigh. "Just because we aren't on par with the creatures of the Master-level portion of the dungeon combatively doesn't mean we don't have a chance. This isn't a duel, and we don't have to face them head-on. This is an asymmetric battle, and our goal is not to win. Our goal is to escape this place. Thus, even if we fail to kill them, we will have won if we escape this place, and that's good enough. Remember, what is the fundamental key advantage that has allowed our species to rise astronomically above all others?"

"…Our minds." Kane nodded, growing more optimistic.

"Correct," Rui replied calmly. "As long as we apply our minds, it is possible for us to escape this place with all three of our lives intact."

"Especially when we have two of the brightest minds on our side!" Kane grinned.

A soft smile cracked at the edge of Rui's mouth fleetingly. "Yes, I suppose that is also a plus in our favor."

His gaze returned to the Divine Doctor, who had returned to a small makeshift hut. "So what now?" Kane grew more enthusiastic. "How do we come up with a plan that would allow us to clear that dungeon and get out of here safely?"

"In order to create a strategy that has a realistic chance of successfully breaking this manifold, we'll need a lot of intelligence in the obstacles that we face," Rui remarked. "The more precise and accurate our information is, the greater the likelihood that we will be able to come up with the most perfect plan possible. After that, we can only hope for good luck and hope that it will be enough."

"Makes sense; as for gathering intelligence, I'm assuming that…" Kane glanced at the dungeon in the distance. "…that the only way to do so is to get in and start clearing it?"

A hint of a smile flicked at the edge of Rui's mouth. "You caught on quickly."

"Hah! I've already been through this, remember? The Shionel Dungeon?" "Indeed, but this dungeon is far more powerful than the Shionel Dungeon was…" Rui quietly remarked. "The good news is that so are we."

"Ok, so let's say that we clear the dungeon and break out," Kane began. "We would also be freeing everything in this place from the clutches of the Mellow Dungeon, right?"

"Correct."

"Then, how are you planning to convince the Divine Doctor? He already showed that he doesn't care for your princely status or even what your father can offer him. I don't know what else you could offer him, maybe knowledge from your previous life?"

"…Unfortunately, I don't think that will be enough," Rui heaved a sigh. "This man's medical prowess exceeds anything back on Earth. And I'm not even anywhere remotely close to the pinnacle of medicine or biology in my previous life, so it's a laughable endeavor. If I try schooling him on biology, he'll probably just humiliate me with his greater understanding of material life."

Despite having gained immense enlightenment on the Tree of Life, Rui didn't think he had anything to teach the Divine Doctor based on the medical prowess that the man demonstrated in the memories of the animals and the memories of the Elder Tree. In fact, he knew for a fact that a large proportion of the inheritance that he got from the Elder Tree had directly or indirectly emerged as a result of the Divine Doctor's teachings.

It was a shame, but he was hardly surprised. This was a prodigious genius that had cured death and had roamed all of Gaia for centuries. It would be the height of arrogance for Rui to believe he could compete with such a person in their field of specialty.

"I probably know more about Physics than he does, but…" Rui shook his head. "He probably realized that in our earlier conversation. Clearly, he doesn't care that much. If he truly did, he could talk to some other immortal sage with a specialty in that regard, like the Astromind, for example. So, unfortunately, it's a dead-end."

Rui was not accustomed to being so utterly outclassed in knowledge, but he had to admit that he had been humbled to a certain extent by incredibly knowledgeable monsters like the Elder Tree and the Divine Doctor.

"However, there are still ways I can persuade the stubborn madman." He narrowed his eyes. Ne/w novel chapt𝒆rs are p/u/blished on no/vel(/bin(.)c/o/m

-



Chapter 1968 Potential Bargain

﻿﻿"And how would you do that?" Kane raised an eyebrow.

"...We offer him freedom," Rui replied coldly. "...I have a feeling that the Divine Doctor would rather not die in this place."VịSit no(v)3lb/!n(.)c𝒐m for new 𝒏ov𝒆l𝒔

Rui didn't know if his soul could really transfer to another body if it was trapped in a four-dimensional space-time.

He didn't really know the mechanics of souls at all in the first place. Were they bound by space and time like other material phenomena were?

Considering that his soul had gone to an entirely different world, he could not help but wonder if they truly were. For one, he didn't even know if he was in the same universe as Earth. Even if he was, they clearly weren't anywhere near Earth considering how absurdly enormous Gaia was. The Hubble Telescope and the James Webb Space Telescope would have long spotted Gaia if Gaia was in the intergalactic neighborhood of Earth.

Based on the evidence that he had at hand from his own reincarnation in a different world and the Beggar Sage's words regarding soul transference, souls were clearly some form of astral phenomena that he had yet to come into touch with. Perhaps they were an extra dimension of astral reality that only the highest of Realms, such as the Sage Realm and Transcendent Realm, could access.

It may have even been the source of power for one of the two Realms.

It would make sense why he hadn't learned anything about astral phenomena if it was truly the focus of higher Realms.

"...Even if he can commence the soul transference ritual despite being trapped in a four-dimensional manifold, it's clear he would rather escape physically," Rui quietly remarked. "...Otherwise, he would not have spent so many months here. That gives us leverage. I can offer to free him in return for healing my father."

"That's a good deal," Kane admitted. "Let's go talk to him quickly."

"No," Rui's voice grew frosty.

"Why not?" Kane winced.

"…If he believed we had the ability to free him, then he would have proposed that deal himself," Rui's tone was sharp. "....Yet, he didn't. He just walked away from us when I refused his insane offer to poke around my head. In other words, he doesn't believe that we can help him get out of here by virtue of us being mere Martial Seniors. So what do you think would happen if…"

His dark eyes turned towards Kane. "…if we walked up to him and offered him something he doesn't believe we can give him?"

"…He'd think we're trying to scam him or are just delusional, I guess," Kane admitted.

"Correct." Rui nodded stoically. "...This means that when we approach him, we need to come up with an extremely solid, viable, and effective plan that has a high enough probability of success such that even the Divine Doctor cannot help but admit that it is worth investing in. Only then will I have the capital needed to demand what I seek from him. He may not be sane, but considering that he said the Eternal Dream disease was trivial, it should be a no-brainer to accept my offer then."

Rui's stoic gaze returned to the Mellow Dungeon. "...Until we reach that point, there's no real point in talking to him."

Of course, Rui would be lying if there weren't things that he wanted to ask the man. Things that he wanted to learn and understand. Alas, he didn't think the Divine Doctor would be willing to indulge him all that much, considering he had rudely refused him. He would wait until they had figured out a viable plan.

"So…" Kane turned to Rui. "You think we should jump right into the Mellow Dungeon or…?"

"I'd like to, but…" Rui's dark eyes swept across regions of the island outside of the Mellow Dungeon. "…it's better to get a full and total grasp of all there is to know in the pocket manifold before we investigate the dungeon."

There were plenty of peculiarities within the entire place that Rui wanted to investigate thoroughly. The first one was one that had struck him the very moment he realized that this was a pocket manifold.

His eyes turned to the sky, eying the powerful Sun. Despite the pocket manifold, he could see it. Either it was fake, which he found extremely hard to believe unless a sentient creature created it to replace the Sun or the pocket manifold allowed light to enter.

'Does that mean that someone could communicate to us from the outside?' His eyes narrowed.

"Kane."

"...Yeah?"

"Does this place have day-night cycles that you would normally expect?"

Kane's eyes lit up. "No, actually. Half the place is day, and the other half is night! Isn't that crazy?! It's why I thought this place was a separate planetoid!"

Rui frowned. "…Half the place is day, and the other half is night?"

"Yeah, and it continues in a twenty-four-hour cycle just like we normally experience on Gaia."

"Interesting," Rui muttered quietly. "Does the dungeon also warp space in such a way that its exposure to sunlight is identical to that of a rotating planet like Gaia? It would make sense if it evolved to day-night cycles such that it needs precisely those kinds of cycles to survive."

Flora had an extremely special relationship with the Sun. It could even be said that their lives revolved around the Sun. Just like how drastic changes in diet in humans could cause drastic changes, flora often needed exactly the right amounts of exposure to the Sun.

It was a very strong possible candidate for an explanation as to why the manifold created by the dungeon warped light to ensure that their exposure to sunlight remained unchanged in the long run.

"I probably can't exploit it by depriving it of sunlight as a viable strategy," Rui remarked.

Even ordinary vegetation could last quite some time without sunlight; he couldn't imagine the sheer amount of time it would take to kill something that had absorbed the power of an extraordinary esoteric substance.

-



Chapter 1969  Greedy Considerations



Over the next few days, Rui explored the manifold pocket space that they were in, getting a good understanding of the place that they were in. The pocket manifold was truly very bizarre.

Half of the area was land, while the other half was water that was probably originally part of the lake in the Mellow, the banks on which Rui and Kane had been absorbed into the Mellow Dungeon. From a distance, it resembled a planetoid of equal halves of land and water. The water, originally surrounding the island, had not been merged into a single water body due to the manifold causing the ends to converge spatially. Ne/w novel chapt𝒆rs are p/u/blished on no/vel(/bin(.)c/o/m

One of the first things he did was conduct an ecological, topographical, and geographical survey. He also went as far as to convey gravitational surveys with the Riemannian Echo technique.

Naturally, he focused on the parts of the manifold that were outside of the Mellow Dungeon. That required a more dedicated and more focused investigation into the land. Currently, he was just making sure that he didn't miss any of the low-hanging fruits before reaching for the higher ones.

His geographic survey of the entire region indicated that it was only a hundred kilometers in diameter, or circumference, depending on how one looked at it. This yielded a planetoid that was only thirty kilometers or so wide when one looked at it from a distance. It was an extremely small world for a Martial Senior who could cross that distance in extremely short timeframes.

The most interesting results were those yielded by the Riemannian Echo.

Despite the region being born from a four-dimensional manifold, a phenomenon of extreme space-warping, he was unable to detect anything off about gravity, as detected by Riemannian Echo. He had expected this, even in the Garden of Salvation, and outside of it, he was simply unable to detect the warping of space by the Elder Tree. He expected a similar thing with the Mellow Manifold, and he got exactly what he expected.

It was unpleasant. He had hoped that he would have been able to gain some precious insights into the nature of the manifold that trapped them inside. One of the reasons that he hoped for this was the fact that he could get his hands on the esoteric substance that allowed for such a magical phenomenon to occur.

It was undoubtedly extraordinarily precious.

He knew this because his background in the Beast Domain allowed him to figure out exactly just how rare such a phenomenon was.

The number of space-time phenomena that had been discovered was scant compared to just how enormous the Beast Domain was. Furthermore, the number of phenomena that were even remotely comparable to what he had seen was limited.

The Elder Tree's spatial isolation was among them, yet not even the Elder Tree had warped reality to such an incredible degree.

"If I can get my hands on it…" His eyes lit up with a hint of greed.

He didn't know exactly how it could help him in his Martial Art endeavors, but he couldn't help but wonder nonetheless. Regardless, it seemed far too precious to let go.

While the gravitational phenomenon of the manifold was unclear, the gravity of the actual Mellow within the manifold was the same as that of Gaia, which Rui had expected. After all, this entire place was a normal part of Gaia, just like other regions. It appeared that the manifold did not interfere with the gravitational acceleration of the entire place. Apart from that, he was truly unable to detect gravitational anomalies that could potentially harm or hamper them.

That was good overall.

Because, at the current stage of power, he didn't possess the capabilities to deal with gravitational or spatial phenomena. He knew Sage-level beings could, based on Sage Sayfeel and the Elder Tree warping space immensely. If it were a feat limited to the Sage Realm as he had hypothesized, then it would indeed be a long time before he reached that degree of capability.

Regardless, that wasn't necessary here. As long as he disrupted or killed the flora lifeform that was causing the manifold, it would die, and the Mellow would be exposed.

His surveys also supplied more evidence for the existence of a manifold that made ends meet when he conducted his geographic survey. He found strong evidence of sedimentary and geological discontinuity. These were sharp breaks across a point that suggested the two ends on either side of the point were not originally together. It would only happen if a four-dimensional spatial manifold caused two opposite ends of a region to become spatially connected, causing them to loop over.

Coincidentally, this point was deep underwater in the waters surrounding the land half of the Mellow Manifold.

A point that was completely opposite to where the center of the Mellow Dungeon would have been. This was strong evidence of Rui's hypothesis that the entity causing the Mellow Manifold was at the center of the dungeon. That was good because it meant that he was on the right track to diagnosing the problem and their circumstances. The worst part would be finding conflicting evidence that would leave him in a bid, unable to create a plan as well as he would have.

The ecological surveys were interesting. The dungeon itself was comprised of layers, each corresponding to a different danger level. The outermost layer was the weakest one, where even ordinary humans could reside at the furthest extremities.

In other words, the entire region of land was part of the Mellow Dungeon, causing it to be much wider spread than even the Shionel Dungeon and the Serevian Dungeon combined. A deeper survey also allowed him to confirm the ecological continuity between the fauna and flora with the Tree of Life, confirming that it was indeed very much within the biosphere of Gaia and not a separate world by any means whatsoever. Soon enough, he had completed all of his preliminary and initial surveys.

-



Chapter 1970  Trance



"Huff…" Rui's cold eyes narrowed, staring at the Mellow Dungeon in the distance. "It's a shame I wasn't able to come here before I inherited the Elder Tree's knowledge."

Rui wasn't lacking self-awareness. He knew that he was different from before. He felt as though someone had dialed down his emotions. He recalled the fascination, awe, and wonder he had experienced when he beheld the magic of the Garden of Salvation.

He was unable to experience a fraction of that emotion when looking at an equally exotic phenomenon. The revelation that very few things could trigger the same kind of experience was not pleasant. While, before, a series of things could have triggered positive emotions, it was as though someone had drastically increased the threshold for those same experiences to bring him the same amount of happiness. Only the ecstasy born from his Flowing Void Style and Adaptive Evolution had been able to cross that threshold consistently. "I mean, we could have."

Kane's voice interjected, cutting through his own thoughts.

"No," Rui replied stoically. "We couldn't have."

"Was it worth it?" Kane's voice was sharp. "Was breaking your own mind worth it?"

Rui turned to Kane with a detached gaze. A single remark escaped him.

"Yes."

Kane shook his head, heaving a sigh. "I figured. It's your best and worst trait, man. It might get you killed. Thankfully, you have me. Now, are we ready?"

"Soon."

Once Rui had gotten a good understanding of the Mellow Manifold, all the low-hanging fruit were gone. Now, it was time to subject himself to danger if he wished to learn more about the Mellow Dungeon.

The objectives of the operation into the Mellow Dungeon were simple. To learn more about the challenges that barricaded the way to the center of the dungeon and get rid of as many as possible. Ideally, Rui hoped to learn the identity of the creatures at the Master-level zone of the Mellow Dungeon.

If he could catch a glimpse of them all, then he could instantly gain a deep understanding of exactly what kind of environment was most antithetical to them through the enlightenment of the Tree of Life. He had yet to flesh out a specific plan, but he was absolutely certain that knowing the environments that were most antithetical to each of them would help him clear the dungeon and undo the manifold, freeing them.

"We don't need to hurry," Rui sharply remarked, turning to Kane. "We have thirty-six years."

"It thought it was seventy-two?"

"That is until my father succumbs," Rui darkly replied. "We need to get there before he does, and the travel time alone will be a lot. It's an irrelevant distinction, ultimately."

Rui did not intend to spend thirty-six years in this dungeon.

It was a consequence of his goal to be able to adaptively evolve to overcome any force that sought to defeat him. In order to grow, he needed to be exposed to different kinds of forces that sought to crush him. More importantly, it required him to train and grow stronger by adaptively evolving to them as a result.

This had been the case for a lot of the progress that he had made over the years.

A lot of the techniques that he had created after becoming a Martial Squire had been a result of trying to overcome certain challenges with his Martial Art. This had been the case when he adaptively evolved to the challenges of the Shionel Dungeon by creating techniques specifically designed to offset it.

The same could be said for all the techniques that he had created during his exodus away from Kandria, hiding from Chairman Deacon. He created Greater Phantomind Void, Death's Sympathy, and similarly powerful techniques for the sake of killing Chairman Deacon.

Many of his greatest creations were a result of adaptively evolving to the challenges and forces aligned against him. He would not be able to find much of that in a prison as small as the Mellow Manifold. Another part of him, however, felt that it was a worthy place to train his foundations. It was a shame that he valued the diversity of adaptive evolution more.

"Done." His voice was stoic as he buried their little backpacks in the sand. He didn't intend to carry all the instruments, artifacts, and tools that he had brought along with him to the Beast Domain. They would just get in the way.

The two men got up, facing the dungeon.

"Any time," Kane remarked.

"Let's go."

WHOOSH

The two shot off into the Mellow Dungeon at an incredible speed, heading deep into the dungeon.

Immediately they came across several Apprentice-level monsters as soon as they entered. Several harpies with faces that were more humanoid and feminine than any other monster Rui had ever seen stood in their path.

Much to Rui's surprise, simply flexing a powerful aura didn't instantly cause them to run away from fear. Not only did they face the sum totality of Rui's aura, but they didn't so much as flinch.

Yet, that wasn't all.

"They're in a trance…" Realization dawned on Rui as the harpies pounced on him. He would be able to recognize the hazy, unfocused, and vacant eyes that the harpies anywhere he went.

POW POW! Thê sourc𝗲 of this conte/nt n/o/v/(𝒆l)bi((n))

Rui exploded their heads into mist with light jabs, a hint of intrigue entering his empty eyes. "…Was it the Divine Doctor?"

He had seen the Divine Doctor put Apprentice-level and Senior-level creatures into trances before training them to be his slaves in a Pavlovian fashion.

"…If this method was effective, he would have long escaped," Rui stoically remarked, shaking his head. "No, this…this is the work of someone else."

His eyes scoured the dungeon around him. "…I see."

"What do you see?"

"The dungeon controls them," Rui sternly concluded. "It's definitely not the Divine Doctor because he requires a continuous supply to maintain the trance. This must be the dungeon's doing. I see, if it controls the beasts and monsters in its depths then…"

-



