Chapter 1841  Questions



If one were to ask Rui how many times his mind had been free from thought, he probably count the number on one hand.

It was rare.

It was rare, and this was one of those moments.

"Reincarnated."

Rui froze then and there. His body. VịSit no(v)3lb/!n(.)c𝒐m for new 𝒏ov𝒆l𝒔

Mind.

All of it seemed to freeze in time itself.

He was almost unable to parse what she had just uttered.

His name was something he hadn't given too much thought to in his life. He had initially had some trouble adjusting to it as the new label of who he was. After all, John Falken had lived with his name for nearly sixty years. That was an attachment that was not easy to rid.

By the time he got used to it, he didn't hold any curiosity about its etymology.

After all, it was three letters and two syllables. About as basic as a name could get. Today, that illusion had been shattered.

A single whisper escaped him.

"…What did you say?"

"It means 'reincarnated' or 'reborn,'" his grandmother helpfully reiterated. "It is a very strange name to give to a person. Imagine naming your son 'reborn!' Very much unlike her. I wonder…"

Her words erased any shred of doubt that may have lingered. Rui didn't know how or why, but somehow, his mother knew that he was reincarnated. There was no realistic explanation for why she went out of her way to give her son a patently absurd name in the Silas Dialect if it didn't hold significance.

Even if she had developed eccentric tastes and given her son some strange names, the probability that the name she chose would be exactly what his deepest secret in this world was was extremely low.

How did she know he was reincarnated?

Did she have anything to do with it?

Did she know how or why he reincarnated?

A multitude of questions flew through his mind by the second as the reality of his name sank in.

"You seem alarmed."

Rui froze.

His eyes met his grandmother's powerful gaze.

Her eyes bored into his with askance.

In that moment, he put aside his emotional turmoil, which she undoubtedly sensed as a Martial Sage. He knew he could not hide it from her, which is why he focused on disguising it.

"I'm rather disturbed at this revelation," Rui narrowed his eyes as they swam around. "I wish she were here so that I could speak to her. I wish she could tell me about everything."

This was the sincere truth.

However, it was indirectly deceptive because she lacked the context to understand what he meant or what he was referring to. And while it was not the most ethical, reminding her of her dead daughter did draw her attention away.

Her eyes softened with sorrow. "I, too, wish I could speak to her and understand her choices. Why did she choose the Kandrian Empire over us? Why did she foresee her death yet refuse to take any measures to avert it of any kind?"

It became clear that there was more to his mother than he had ever suspected in his entire life. There were too many oddities for him to possibly shrug off, even if he ignored the elephant in the room, which indicated that his mother was very aware ahead of time that her unborn baby was a reincarnated person.

Regardless, he knew that he wouldn't get any answers here and now.

His grandmother's words indicated that she, too, didn't really understand the mysteries that surrounded his mother shortly before her death. On the one hand, he could avoid being exposed as a being from a different world. He was glad that his grandmother was not a devotee of the Virodhabhasa. She didn't seem to think he was the Antithesis himself or didn't care if she did know.

This response would have been very different if Master Uma had been there. She would have undoubtedly taken that as further proof that he was the Antithesis, fueling her insane theological delusions.

On the other hand, if she did have answers, then he could perhaps solve some of the most burning questions that he had had the entirety of his second life. "Huff…" He shook his head. "What has happened has happened. It can never be changed. I am more inclined to look to the future than the past."

His grandmother agreed with that sentiment. "The future is within our grasp. Especially within the grasp of we, the Silas Clan, for prophecy runs in our blood."

Rui smiled wryly. "Indeed."

That had somehow held to be true, considering that Rui had obtained the power of prediction independently of the Silas Clan as their blood kin. "I am willing to bear the name of Silas and the responsibility and privilege that comes with it," Rui declared, steering the conversation in more important directions. "I seek the Eye of Prophecy for my Martial Art, and I am certainly willing to share my prophetic power."

He didn't mind sharing the predictive model as long as he was appropriately compensated. In this case, the exchange was truly equal and fair, so he had no issue. This was especially true when the whole purpose of Project Water was initially to universalize Adaptive Evolution. It only became a more self-centered goal after he rediscovered it as his Martial Path.

Matriarch Nephi smiled at those words. "I am pleased at your openness to cooperate. By working together, we can ensure that all of us harness the power of prophecy to a much greater degree."

"Yes, however, as I said, I cannot do so immediately. I am in pursuit of a man and am too committed to finding him before I run out of time. I am unable to dedicate myself to mastering it, nor am I able to teach my technique to others during this time. I was hoping to make use of your services to find the person that I am seeking at the moment."

-



Chapter 1842  Impromptu Offer



Matriarch Nephi peered at him curiously. "That is the second time that you have mentioned that. Just who are you searching for, and for what?"

Rui considered her question before making a choice. "To find the Divine Doctor."

Matriarch Nephi narrowed her eyes. "I know of him," she remarked. "He is fickle. Fleeting."

"That is why I need your help, grandmother," Rui replied. "As a Martial Sage, your prophetic powers are undoubtedly extremely powerful. In fact, as a Martial Sage, you no longer need to use the forbidden version of the Eye of Prophecy. You can just use the original iteration of the technique handed to you by Sage Silas, right?"

Pride emerged on her face. "It is true. I have mastered the true Eye of Prophecy, the legacy left by our ancestor."

"I don't know the full extent of what Martial Sages are capable of," Rui continued. "However, I know that they are extremely powerful. If anyone can offer me any insight into the location of the Divine Doctor, I believe it is you. He is in the Beast Domain; thus, I truly need something extraordinary to help me find him."

One of the reasons his father had rather have had a member of the Silas Clan rather than ask them to find the Divine Doctor was probably because no Martial Artists of the Silas Clan at the time could help him find the Divine Doctor with their own power within a short amount of time. However, thirty years later, that was no longer strictly true. Now that Matriarch Nephi had broken through to the Sage Realm, she possessed extraordinary power that a very small proportion of Martial Artists in the entire world possessed.

Even if she couldn't give him the exact coordinates of the Divine Doctor, he knew that she was at least capable of significantly increasing the probability of him finding the Divine Doctor.

"I can help you," Matriarch Nephi simply replied. "The Eye of Prophecy technique no longer consumes my lifespan now that I have reached the Sage Realm and am able to use the true technique. I have also been able to scry more of the future than I had ever been able to in the past."

Rui grew hopeful hearing those words.

"But why do you seek the Divine Doctor?" Matriarch Nephi asked.

"…To do what I believe would be the best for the Kandrian Empire," Rui replied. "I'm afraid I cannot divulge the exact details."

This was the sincere truth. He didn't think he could do a better job than his father, and it probably would do Kandria a lot of good to re-enter the status quo. Plus, he could help his father even if he didn't ascend the throne, and they could probably do a lot of good for the Empire together.

"Hm," Matriarch Nephi peered into him before eventually relenting into accepting that as an answer. "Then I shall help you find the Divine Doctor if that is what you seek."

Rui smiled. "Thank you. Unfortunately, I'm in a very tight position at the moment. I will need to return to the Kandrian Empire. I'm not even supposed to be here, officially. So I was hoping I could you could help me sooner rather than later."

"Before that," she remarked. "You said that you are unable to learn the Eye of Prophecy or teach your technique any time soon. That is rather concerning."

"Unfortunately, finding the Divine Doctor is a rather pressing engagement at the moment," Rui replied apologetically. "However, I can assure you that the moment I return-"

"-You said he was in the Beast Domain, correct?" Matriarch Nephi narrowed her eyes, cutting him off. "That will take a lot of time. On top of that, you may die."

"Please do me a favor, grandmother," Rui heaved a sigh. "If you are unwilling. I have offers that can sweeten the deal. For instance, I can supply the Silas Clan with longevity potions. I'm sure you, of all people, understand the value of such a potion."

Her eyes narrowed, even as they flashed with a hint of greed. "Are you willing and able to?"

"I am," Rui replied. "However, in order to gain a continuous supply of potions, you will need to settle in the Kandrian Empire."

That evoked a reaction from his grandmother. "What?!"

"These are highly precious resources that I cannot have transported across the entire continent in a clandestine manner," Rui replied. "They are in high demand in all of human civilization. There are many powers and forces on the continent that are constantly keeping track of them. They will eventually be able to track it to the Silas Clan and you will be exposed undoubtedly."

"So the solution to getting exposed is exposing ourselves to the entire world by settling in the Kandrian Empire?!" Matriarch Nephi was displeased by his words.

"You have nothing to fear anymore, grandmother," Rui replied. "I don't know if you noticed, but you're a Martial Sage." VịSit no(v)3lb/!n(.)c𝒐m for new 𝒏ov𝒆l𝒔

"That does not mean that I am invincible," Matriarch Nephi huffed. "There are much stronger Martial Sages than me in the continent, including the one behind you."

"Yes, but you won't be alone," Rui replied. "Did you think settling in the Kandrian Empire would be just for show? Once you settle in the Kandrian Empire, permanently, you will be under the protection of a nation with fifteen Martial Sages and one of the most powerful militaries and navies in all of East Panama."

"Hmph," Matriarch Nephi snorted with a hint of grudging respect. "This was your intention the entire time, was it not?"

Rui smirked. "Perhaps. However, even if it was, it does not change the facts. Settling in the Kandrian Empire solves the two largest problems that the Silas Clan faces: Lifespan and security."

In reality, this had not been Rui's plan all along. A large part of his plan had not been fleshed out due to a lack of data, but once he gained a more intimate understanding of the Silas Clan, he realized that the Silas Clan settling in the Kandrian Empire was undoubtedly one of the most optimal outcomes for him and the Kandrian Empire.

-



Chapter 1843 Powerful Reassurances

However, while he saw the plan to be perfect, his grandmother was not quite convinced by his offer yet. V/\IssịT n0(v)eL/b(i)(n).𝘤𝑜/𝓂 for the b/est novel reading experi/en/ce

"Why not secretly have him deliver the potions?" She gestured to Sage Sayfeel.

Rui furrowed his eyebrows. "Sage Sayfeel is far too precious and valuable an asset of the Emperor to be reduced to a delivery man. If you joined the Empire, you would not need to rely on this; you could just directly procure the potions from the Kandrian government or the Martial Union."

She steepled her fingers, peering into Rui's eyes. "The potion matter is secondary when it comes to the radical offer that you have made, my grandson. Do you think we have not considered joining powerful Sage-level powerhouses in the past? The greatest issue is that we cannot trust them to extract our technique by force. How can we trust the Kandrian Empire to exert its great power to extract our technique with force?"

"By becoming a part of it," Rui replied. "The Kandrian Empire is an empire of harmony. There are many interest and stakeholder groups with conflicting interests and stakes that exist without friction because the Kandrian Empire is designed to accommodate all of them. This is the system that my father devised in order to prevent civil war in an age of civil wars. It is the reason that the Kandrian Empire is a powerhouse today."

"There have been attempts by my foolish siblings to try and disrupt this harmony, but rest assured that I have crushed them," Rui replied. "As the next Emperor of Kandria, I guarantee you safety in the name of Kandria."

Her eyes widened as Rui finally played another one of the cards that he had been saving up for the right moment.

"You are due to ascend the throne?" She stared at him incredulously.

"Indeed," Rui replied. "Unless Emperor Rael magically heals, of course."

Her eyes narrowed as she finally gained a deep understanding of the circumstances that Rui was in and what his ultimate objective was.

Rui admittedly took a bit of a gamble by hinting at it. However, he judged that her hatred for Rael was not as strong as the rapport he was building, as well as the powerful concrete incentives that he was offering.

"Your concerns of a Sage-level powerhouse bullying you to reveal your technique is justified. In fact, if you were in the Britannian Empire, you would undoubtedly be forced to share it. If you were in the Sekigahara Confederate, the feudal Martial clans that rule the state would exterminate all of you in pursuit of the technique if you dared to refuse them. The Republic of Gorteau, being the most corrupt state in East Panama, would undoubtedly spur countless actors to act against you in pursuit of the power of prophecy."

He closed his eyes. "The Kandrian Empire, however, has a history of internal cooperation and harmony. This was true under my father, and it will be true under me regardless of which one of us rules the Kandrian Empire."

"Your father took my daughter away from me and then let her die," Matriarch Nephi narrowed her eyes.

"I am aware you dislike my father as a son-in-law. I can understand your sentiment. Perhaps I even share it to a small extent." Rui closed his eyes. "However, your greatest fear was the Kandrian Empire forcing the Eye of Prophecy out of you out of greed for the power of prophecy, correct?"

"It is the reason we have disconnected from human civilization," she remarked.

"Then let me ask you this." Rui stared into her eyes. "Why would the Kandrian Empire bully you this time when it did not bully you last time?"

She narrowed her eyes at that question. "What?"

"When the Emperor of Harmony found you, you were a Martial Master, correct?"

"Yes."

"When he found you, he had a Martial Sage, right?"

"Yes."

"Then why didn't he use the power of a Martial Sage to force you to give him the Eye of Prophecy technique?"

She stared at him wordlessly.

"Not only did he not bully you when he could, he even transacted fairly and built a relationship with you before my mother died, right?"

"…"

"Think about it," Rui replied. "There are only two forces in the Kandrian Empire that have the power to concretely overwhelm you as a Sage-level Clan. One is the Emperor and the government that answers to him, who has already proven that he does not operate in such a manner, or the Martial Union that has a long history of deep cooperation with all Martial Art entities that are not hostile to it. The Martial Union is filled with all kinds of sects that are centered around different kinds of techniques. These sects have many exclusive techniques that they don't share with the Martial Union. The Martial Union has never forced anybody to share their technique. In fact…"

He pulled out an amulet featuring the insignia of the Martial Union. This was proof of his authority as a senior ambassador of the Martial Union.

"As a senior ambassador of the Martial Union, I can guarantee you the absolute right to privacy," Rui replied. "I have had my prophecy technique for eighteen years now from when I was a Martial Apprentice."

He stared into her eyes. "Yet even as an Apprentice, Squire, and now Senior, they have never, not once, forced me to reveal or share my prophecy technique with them."

He leaned forward. "Not once. Think about that. Even though I was a weak Apprentice who no one cared about. They never once bullied me to share my technique. They have centuries of history of maintaining this policy and they have never once violated it even against a Martial Apprentice."

Her expression crumbled into uncertainty as her eyes swam around.

She hated to admit it, but Rui's arguments were both logically and emotionally compelling. Her powerful senses told her that he was telling her the absolute truth. She could even detect deep sincerity.

"If a Martial Apprentice was not forced to reveal his prophecy technique. Then surely a Sage-level clan will be just fine in the ranks of the Martial Union."



Chapter 1844  Time For Consideration



She heaved a deep sigh after a minute of thought. "Your words are…hard to refute. However…"

"I understand." Rui closed his eyes, leaning back. "It is extremely difficult to change your nomadic ways after centuries of living in such a manner. It will be extraordinarily difficult to adjust to such a drastic change in life and lifestyle."

She nodded, deep in thought.

"However, think about what you lose if you don't choose to go this route," Rui replied, staring at the ceiling. "I just sparred with Senior Huldah. I wonder how many years of her lifespan she lost in a simple short spar?"

Matriarch Nephi winced at his words. "That…"

"Besides," Rui spoke. "I haven't even told you all the benefits of joining the Kandrian Empire and the Martial Union. There is a realistic chance that you will find a way to mitigate or possibly even erase the price of the forbidden technique with the Martial Union's Martial Art techniques, principles, and training resources."

Her eyes widened with surprise. "What?!"

"Think about it, Grandma. I don't mean to be rude, but the Silas Clan only has a handful of Mindforgers," he replied. "On top of that, you don't have any resources to train because you're disconnected from human civilization and are constantly migrating and resettling over and over. The Martial Union receives techniques and contributions from across the Kandrian Empire and even beyond. Many Martial Artists sell their techniques and an exclusive license to the Martial Union. You cannot even begin to fathom the ocean of Martial Art techniques and principles that the Martial Union has. That's not all…"

He leaned forward. "The Martial Union dedicates an enormous amount of wealth and resources into research and development of Martial Art. It has been doing this for centuries. There is a reason that the Martial Union is one of the most powerful Martial Art organizations in the entirety of Panama."

Every single statement he made was rooted in absolute fact. She knew that because she did have some understanding of the Kandrian Empire and the Martial Union, but also because she could plainly see that he was uttering the truth and nothing but the truth.

She would be lying if the prospects of getting rid of the greatest shortcoming of the Eye of Prophecy did not excite her. Unfortunately, he was right in that their circumstances made any research and development extremely difficult. "I haven't even covered all the incentives and benefits, to be honest," Rui heaved a sigh. "There are so many in addition to the benefits that I have already told you about. Just the fact that you are reconnected to human civilization is an enormous blessing. Medical services, education, Martial resources, technology, and quality of life. There are so many benefits that I don't think I can cover all of them even if I spend the entire day."

Frankly, the logical side of the argument was so overwhelmingly favor in joining the Kandrian Empire in so many dimensions that she did not even bother contesting the rational soundness of the reasoning that he espoused.

The biggest issue was how the clan would handle such a drastic shift in lifestyle.

"With sixteen Martial Sages, the Kandrian Empire will have the greatest number of Martial Sages on retainer than any organization in the entire world, I think," Rui lightly remarked. "Even the Britannian Empire has only fifteen Martial Sages. In other words, external threats will reduce drastically."

"Enough," she raised a hand. "I have heard enough."

Rui stared at her silently.

"I have heard your offer," she stated officiously. "Your reasoning is deeply compelling, I admit. However, this is not a decision that can be committed by myself at this moment."

"I understand, grandmother," Rui nodded. "Unfortunately, I will only be around in the Kandrian Empire for about a week or so. After that, I must depart for the Divine Doctor. You have a week to make your decision unless you are willing to approach the Kandrian Empire without me guiding the deliberations. I wouldn't recommend that, personally. But it is an option if you are confident in your diplomacy." V/\IssịT n0(v)eL/b(i)(n).𝘤𝑜/𝓂 for the b/est novel reading experi/en/ce

She wasn't.

She couldn't remember the last time that she or anybody in the Silas Clan had ever needed to employ diplomacy. The very concept didn't even exist in the Silas Dialect, which was how foreign it was to the Silas Clan.

"…If we choose to accept your offer, we will certainly need your help to navigate the diplomatic negotiations with the Kandrian Empire, my grandson."

Rui smiled warmly. "I will do my personal best to ensure that the Silas Clan will not be disenfranchised in any way whatsoever in finding its place in the Kandrian Empire. I swear an oath to that."

He was sincere about that. He sincerely believed that both the Silas Clan and the Kandrian Empire would benefit greatly if the Silas Clan was able to integrate into the Kandrian Empire. It was upto the Silas Clan if they were willing to break away from the inertia of their nomadic life and strive for a better life in the Kandrian Empire. "However, I do believe that it is, frankly, a separate matter from my earlier request to you, my induction into the Silas Clan, and the exchange of techniques. These can happen regardless of whether you join the Kandrian Empire or not," Rui replied. "So, please help me find the Divine Doctor, grandmother. It is quite important to me that I find him. It will be to your benefit as well if I find him, as long as you are able to put aside your dislike for the Emperor of Harmony."

She finally relented, heaving a sigh. "Fine. I will find the Divine Doctor regardless of our decision. Tell me everything you know about him. The more I know, the more I will be able to scry about him and supply you with crucial prophecies."

"That might be a bit of an issue," Rui frowned. He had yet to receive the information package from the Beggar Sage; thus, this requirement was a bit inconvenient for him.

-



Chapter 1845  Nature of Prophecy



"The information I have on him is definitely significant, but I don't know how much it will help you," Rui informed her. "However, I am due to get a more thorough information package on the Divine Doctor soon. I will convey it to you when I get it."

"You do that. It will be better if I complete the prophecies then," Matriarch Nephi nodded. "I did want to inquire…" Rui continued. "What kind of information can I expect from your prophecy?"

It was crucial for Rui to understand exactly what the output of the Eye of Prophecy yielded when applied. It would help him plan out how he was going to find the Divine Doctor better. He also was quite curious about the matter. "The outcomes of the technique aren't…uniform," she admitted. "They vary quite vividly in many ways, including depth, precision, and the kind of sensory information that it gives us. Sometimes I get vague visions, sometimes it's sounds, or even touch and smell."

Rui frowned. "That's…much less reliable than I had expected. Does that also happen in combat?"

"It's more uniform and reliable in combat," she reassured him with pride. "There are visions that allow you to see what your opponent is to do in combat. But it's much harder to execute outside of combat since it is primarily a combat technique."

Rui could definitely relate to that. After all, the same could be said for the Angel of Laplace. Its non-combat version was extraordinarily more difficult to use than the scaled-down version that he created for combat. Thê sourc𝗲 of this conte/nt n/o/v/(𝒆l)bi((n))

Her description of the output technique made him curious about the mechanics of the technique. It sounded like she didn't really have any control over the process itself. Whatever it was, it clearly functioned differently from his predictive model or the Angel of Laplace that relied on statistics and physics, respectively, to give him the information that he sought from the two techniques.

"I am curious to learn more about the technique when I have the chance after my urgent commitments," Rui replied. "I don't know if I will be using it unless my life is truly in danger, though."

It was a forbidden technique. That meant that it harmed the user too much. In this case, it consumed the lifespan of the user and aged them even faster.

The Martial Heart already made him age faster than he normally would if he never used it after breaking through initially. He would begin aging much more rapidly if he used the Eye of Prophecy regularly on top of that.

He hadn't forgotten that his extremely young breakthrough to the Senior Realm allowed him to prolong the time period that his prime would last. A phase of peak growth, vitality, and vigor that would normally last only several more years would now last for a few decades.

"You do have longevity potions," his grandmother remarked. "It is best you take them as early as you can and prolong your youth for as long as you can. I can assure you that you will never get it back. With those, you can also use the Eye of Prophecy with greater comfort."

"True," Rui nodded. "Perhaps even a little less than a year ago, getting a longevity potion would have been very difficult, but now I can definitely get one for myself."

These were normally reserved for Martial Masters who were approaching the end of their lifespan. Its availability through the Martial Union or the government wasn't strictly merit-based, and for good reason.

The Kandrian Empire stood to lose more if the potion was taken from the hands of an elderly Martial Master who needed it to prolong his life than from a young Senior who still had a century or two of natural lifespan ahead of him.

Still, he had far too much power to be denied now.

"In fact, I'm pretty sure that we can increase the supply of longevity potions if you join the Kandrian Empire," Rui replied. "The raw natural resources needed to brew this potion are most abundant in powerful Master-level danger zones. We can gain more of them if the Silas Clan aids in their acquisition. In other words, you can prolong your own lifespans without relying on handouts from anybody else."

This possibility was clearly appealing to the elderly matriarch. It made it easier to stomach the prospects of settling in the Kandrian Empire for potions if they were the ones who were largely relying on the potions themselves.

It preserved their pride.

The grandson and grandmother conversed about a variety of topics while they could, as Rui purposely took the time to build a greater rapport with this grandmother.

"As if we would ever settle with those ignorant antithetants!" Matriarch Nephi scorned when Rui asked her why she had never taken protection in the Virodhabhasa Theocracy. "We prophetants understand that it is the Transcendent Prophet who deserves the highest regard and worship, not the Antithesis! It is a prophecy that saved this world! It is prophecy that is supreme!"

She grumbled, much to Rui's delight.

He was glad that there were theological conflicts between the Silas Clan and the Theocracy. Frankly, if not for that, the Silas Clan may very well decide to settle in the Theocracy. This would be a great loss to the Kandrian Empire and himself, especially.

They conversed more as Matriarch Nephi asked him many questions regarding their potential permanent residence in the Kandrian Empire. It was important for her to gain an understanding of the nature of what their life would be like in the Kandrian Empire before making a final decision in regard to whether they would take Rui up on his offer to permanently reside in the Kandrian Empire or not.

"…It has been a long day," Matriarch Nephi heaved a sigh. "Much has happened. Why don't you take some rest in our clan before departing?"

Rui smiled. "I'd love to, but as I said earlier, I'm not supposed to be here. I will need to return soon. Thus, I hope I can return home today with the name of the Silas Clan."

-



Chapter 1846 Preparations

﻿﻿The naming ceremony was shorter than Rui had expected, much to his delight. They adorned him with garlands of flowers and leaves as well as leaving markings across his body, making him swear to a number of oaths.VịSit no(v)3lb/!n(.)c𝒐m for new 𝒏ov𝒆l𝒔

"I hereby swear to act in good faith with those who bear the name of Silas..."

"I hereby swear to always do good by my kin..."

"I hereby swear to never betray the name of Silas..."

"Hm..." His grandmother regarded him. "Then rise, Rui Quarrier Silas Kandria."

Rui stood up from a kneeling position, smiling at her.

"From this day forth, you shall bear the name of Silas," she told him in a solemn tone. "Never forget your oaths, your responsibilities, or the privileges of being part of our clan."

"I will not forget," he promised.

She smiled affectionately at him. "And that brings us to an end to the ceremony."

Rui nodded. "...I must return now. But before I go."

He pulled out a communication artifact, handing it to his grandmother. "This is a reliable cross-continental means of reaching me. Please let me know what your decision is before the week ends."

"I shall be sure to do that, my grandson."

Rui smiled. "I look forward. Goodbye."

The entire clan came forth to bid him goodbye in unison before Sage Sayfeel activated his breathing technique, propelling them forward at extreme speeds in the sky toward the Kandrian Empire.

This time, however, Rui was too consumed in his thoughts to pay too much attention to the view of the travel.

"How do you think that went?"

"..."

Rui heaved a sigh. "I think that went as good as it could have. Though things were a little dicey there at the beginning."

"Your timely intervention prevented the situation from deteriorating, Your Highness," Sage Sayfeel remarked.

"True. I really hope that the Silas Clan makes the right choice," Rui heaved a sigh. "Every incentive and disincentive point towards settling in the Kandrian Empire. The only reason that they are not immediately jumping to the opportunity is because of the radical lifestyle shift."

Rui knew that it was going to be particularly challenging to integrate the Silas Clan into the Kandrian Empire fully. In fact, it was almost impossible to do within a short amount of time.

For the time being, he could hope that they would slowly integrate into society eventually. He would need to plan their integration such that they would not grow too isolated. He quickly came up with a variety of schemes that would require them interact and cooperate with the Martial Union first for things like potions and potentially fixing the Eye of Prophecy technique's great price.

Rui heaved a sigh. "I might have to postpone my meeting with the Adventurer's Guild by a bit if they make their decision too late."

He definitely needed to be there to mediate the agreement between the Silas Clan and the Kandrian Empire, as well as the Martial Union.

He was effectively a representative of all three as a member of the ruling royal family, a powerful member of the Martial Union, and a member of the Silas Clan. If he didn't mediate, it was possible that the pride and even narcissism regarding prophecy might hamper a seamless integration into the system of the Kandrian Empire.

"I'm sure my father would probably do a better job," Rui heaved a sigh, shaking his head.

"That is an extraordinary standard to hold yourself to, Your Highness," Sage Sayfeel remarked. "Your father would do a better job than anybody else."

It wasn't too long before they returned to the Kandrian Empire, where Sage Sayfeel quickly snuck Rui back into the isolated meditation chamber before disappearing.

CLACK

Rui opened the door, walking out briskly.

"Sir," his secretary got up.

"Tell Mikhaila to postpone my meeting with the head of the Adventurer's Guild by a week and a half," Rui replied. "Convey my apologies and inform him that I have unfortunately been forced to deal with some ensuring emergencies."

"…Yes, sir," his secretary wisely kept her confusion concealed.

As far as she was aware, no emergencies had happened. In fact, just half a day ago, they had discussed how all the work was finally complete.

"I want a civil infrastructure map of Kandria as well as a topographical and climate map of the Kandrian Empire. Also, have her book appointments with all the civil construction companies in our that engage in residential construction," Rui replied. "I'll also need to speak to the Kandrian Border Patrol Force and several more governmental institutions. And the Martial Union, especially the Martial Union."

"Understood, sir."

"Also, get me in touch with all the companies that engage in research, production, and manufacturing of longevity potions."

"Yes, sir."

"Also…"

Rui's certain renewed vigor had not gone unnoticed. He was too powerful for people to miss his sudden drive. First, his administration noticed, followed by his inner orbit, then his entire faction, and eventually the political class of the Kandrian Empire all grew confused as Rui suddenly rushed into a flurry of preparations and arrangements with a variety of parties.

It was rather strange.

He had already won the Kandrian Throne War.

There was nothing else left to win.

Why was he getting so riled up?

Nobody understood.

While they watched in confusion, however, Rui had made multiple preliminary preparations for the settlement of the Silas Clan into the Kandrian Empire. These were the kind of preparations that didn't cost him much, considering how much wealth he had. He made multiple arrangements for housing across the entire Empire depending on which region they liked and what kind of housing they wanted.

There were many forests and natural habitats in the Kandrian Empire that they could reside in should they have chosen to build their own housing in the manner they pleased; Rui had already begun scouting multiple candidates for regions they might want to settle in.

BZZZT BZZZT BZZZT

Just a day later, he received a call on his communication artifact.

It was his grandmother.

A single remark escaped her.

"We accept your offer."



Chapter 1847  Time was Nigh



"What is the meaning of this, Your Highness?" A man fashioning a custom-tailored suit was seated before Rui. His grey hair and beard only accentuated the elderly aura of wisdom he radiated. The man gazed at Rui with askance, having gone through the documents that Rui had produced before him.

"It is an application for birth certificates, government-issued ID, and statements of recognition of citizenship on behalf of the Silas Clan, Minister Kramen."

This was the same man whose contract Rui had fought the Gatekeeper to terminate. The Minister of Domestic Affairs was part of his faction and had the power to grant citizenship and official recognition from the state of Kandria to any given asylee seeking asylum.

With this man in his faction, Rui had never been worried about the official process. The minister had the power to expedite the process very rapidly, allowing him to make the Silas Clan a part of the Kandrian Empire within a day if he really wanted.

He also garnered deep loyalty to Rui ever since Rui fought to have him.

Still, that did not mean he was not shaken by the weight of what Rui had done.

"The mythical Silas Clan," the man incredulously went through the various profiles with pictures and names that Rui had painstakingly acquired from the Silas Clan. "Have you truly found the clan with the power to scry the future?!"

"You heard what my father said during the Royal Addressal Ceremony, didn't you?"

"I did, but…" The man murmured. "I could not have imagined that you would have tracked them down so quickly and even got them to agree to join the Kandrian Empire!"

Rui smiled. "I can understand your shock. But I require you to put it aside and get this done as soon as possible."

"Of course, Your Highness. Your wish is my command. But…" He murmured. "This is not going to go unnoticed. The power of prophecy is something that would drive the world crazy. Just the fact that the Silas Clan has been able to avoid being found by every single force and power in this world with the power of their prophecy is proof that it is extremely powerful."

That was true. After all, he was pretty sure that not even the Beggar's Sect knew the location of the Silas Clan or any of the intelligence organizations.

Despite only being comprised of Martial Masters for centuries, they had managed to evade every single powerhouse Master-level and Sage-level force that exerted its power to track and hunt them alive. Time after time, they evaded capture and discovery by simply foreseeing danger in the future and negating it ahead of time.

In that regard, it spoke to his father's sheer ingenuity and competence in tracking down the Silas Clan.

"Your Highness, the world will not ignore this," the minister murmured.

"Ignore, no. But they cannot do anything," Rui calmly replied. "The Kandrian Empire would have a whopping fifteen Martial Sages, equal to the Britannian Empire which previously held the highest number of Martial Artists in each Realm, even if by a small margin."

He, of course, discounted the existence of Sage Sayfeel.

He steepled his fingers. "In other words, no Sage-level force is stronger than us. On top of that, we can foresee any danger that strikes us thanks to the power of the Silas Clan. While an increase in the magnitude of events makes them harder to foresee, a prophetic Martial Sage will undoubtedly not fail to foresee any attack, giving us a priceless stream of information from the future itself."

That was why the Silas Clan was so sought after.

Any nation that gained the power of prophecy gained an enormous advantage in information against everybody else, allowing them to manifest events that would be considered miracles.

The Minister of Domestic Affairs could not deny how attractive Rui's words were. "I shall be sure to get this done as soon as possible!"

"Good," Rui smiled. "Ensure that you yourself do all the work. Do not offload it to anybody else. There are ears and eyes everywhere."

"Very well, Your Highness."

Once the citizenship was granted, they were officially citizens of the Kandrian Empire.

Of course, there was more that needed to happen. The Kandrian Border Patrol Force was undoubtedly going to raise a fuss at the prospect of an unknown Martial Sage being allowed in the nation under the Kandrian Asylum Act.

Unfortunately, he couldn't inform anybody of the news of the Silas Clan joining the Kandrian Empire.

It would spread like wildfire, and the chances were high that the Sekigahara Confederate, the Britannian Empire, and the Republic of Gorteau would do their best to prevent the Kandrian Empire from gaining this priceless asset.

Interceptions. Ambushes. Traps. Assault. Assassinations.

Furthermore, these would not be skirmishes. Martial Masters and perhaps even Martial Sages would be deployed to kill the Silas Clan before they entered the Kandrian Empire. That would be the bare minimum necessary to overpower them. VịSit no(v)3lb/!n(.)c𝒐m for new 𝒏ov𝒆l𝒔

It could easily become a trigger for the third East Panamic War.

Rui had no intention of sparking another continental war between the Sage-level powerhouses of East Panama.

Absolutely not.

That was why no one could know ahead of time.

The only reason he told the Minister of Domestic Affairs was because it was absolutely necessary.

Days passed as Rui grew nervous. He had been coordinating with his grandmother for exactly when the Silas Clan would arrive at the Kandrian Empire. He had also cautioned certain parties of a major decision that was to come soon, even if he didn't tell them exactly what.

Eventually, the day of arrival came.

"Rui, who exactly are you waiting for?" Master Ceeran frowned. "You'll see," Rui smiled, closing his eyes. He was seated in a VIP section meant for official delegations meant to greet important political delegations or parties. He was surrounded by eight Martial Masters tasked with ensuring his safety as well as an enormous staff who had been briefed and tasked with catering to the Silas Clan after they arrived.

He also had another administrative staff that would provide various official documentation to appease the forces that would undoubtedly be pissed.

Rui felt his nerves tingling as the time was nigh.

-



Chapter 1848  Confrontation



"You've been acting really strange over the past few days, Rui," Master Ceeran lightly remarked.

"That is true," Rui smiled.

"And you've been keeping it a secret," Master Ceeran peered at him suspiciously. "Just what kind of mischief are you up to?"

"Like I said, you'll find out soon enough."

"Perhaps we could be service if you inform us, Your Highness," Master Zentra remarked. Rui smiled wryly. "Look, I get-"

Suddenly, they froze. Something had changed. It was the world.

The very world seemed to change.

It shifted.

It shifted, warped under a powerful force.

Heaven and earth bent under the weight.

The Martial Masters stiffened, growing grave. Each of them recognized this sensation. They had long grown familiar with it after reaching the Master Realm.

It was the power of a higher Realm.

And it was getting closer and closer.

"Looks like they're almost here," Rui grinned, getting up as he shot through the corridors and doors of the facility heading toward the actual port of entry.

"Your Highness, this is dangerous," Master Zentra warned him, effortlessly keeping up with him along with his peers. "You cannot meet a non-allied Martial Sage without a Martial Sage bodyguard!"

"In the first place, why are you meeting a Martial Sage at all?!"

"Did you really invite one without telling anybody?!"

"I have followed the protocol. I have received authorization from the Burea of Immigration and the KBPF, using my influence, of course," Rui smirked. "That's not the point!"

They finally reached the posh and extravagant facility that served as the port of entry designated for political guests of the state.

Rui watched, grinning as more than a thousand people descended from the sky as the powerful Sage-level and Master-level auras grew stronger and stronger. His grandmother had been kind enough to hide their Martial Embodiments lest they crippled the customs and immigration officers working at the port of entry.

THUD

The Silas Clan had arrived.

It took a moment for Rui to sense the nervous energy that radiated from the entire clan. Even if they had made the decision to immigrate to the Kandrian Empire, it was still a shock to their psyche to be this exposed to human civilization,

Standing in front of the Kandrian Empire was something that would previously be considered a nightmare!

If not for Rui, and his grandmother most likely would have used her authority to push through with the decision, they would never have voluntarily put themselves in such a situation. VịSit no(v)3lb/!n(.)c𝒐m for new 𝒏ov𝒆l𝒔

Yet before Rui could even try to console and calm them down, an avalanche of pressure erupted from behind him.

RUMBLE

Heaven and earth mourned as it strained even more under the weight of a second Martial Sage.

"Your Highness."

The powerful voice sent chills down his spine.

It conveyed pure power.

Pure power condensed into a being of unfathomable might.

"Your Sagehood Sage Farana," Rui smiled wryly as he turned around slowly to find a deeply displeased Martial Sage and many Martial Masters lined across the border.

They had taken their stances, ready to begin fighting at the drop of a hat.

The Martial Artists of the Silas Clan shook at the display, instantly taking a defensive formation and stances, their expressions growing grave.

The air was drawn taut, churning under the avalanche of pressure from both sides.

The tension boiled, escalating by the second as the two Martial Sages regarded each other with fierce glares. Perhaps the only reason that they hadn't blasted into battle was because Rui Quarrier Silas Kandria stood precisely between them.

Rui winced as Sage Farana's fierce glare turned to him, boring into his eyes.

"What is the meaning of this, Your Highness?" Sage Farana growled. She wasn't trying to press him with her pressure, yet it took every ounce of willpower to construct the most powerful Mind Mask that Rui had ever created in his entire life just to maintain his composure.

Such was the weight of a Martial Sage's emotion.

Their rage was the world's rage.

"It is as I informed the Kandrian Border Patrol Force in accordance with the protocols of the Kandrian Delegation Act," Rui replied. "These are political guests, and now citizens, of the state that I have gained authorization to welcome and escort. It is entirely normal for the royal family to personally undertake this role, as per protocol. I can even provide you with all the authorization and pre-requisite documentation as is your right to inspect and demand."

She narrowed her eyes sharply, exuding clear displeasure. "That is not what I meant, and you know it. What is the meaning of this? Documentation and authorization aside, it is deeply unprofessional and against the norm not to warn and inform the Kandrian Border Patrol Force of the threat level of any foreign delegation dispatched by a foreign entity ahead of time so that we may be prepared."

"I am aware. The reason I didn't was for the sake of national security," Rui calmly informed. "Unless, of course, you want to trigger a war by informing the world that the Silas Clan was immigrating to the Kandrian Empire as citizens of Kandria."

Not a single person could maintain their composure at his revelation.

Every kandrian who heard his word shook at the revelation of his words.

Sage Farana's eyes widened with surprise as her gaze returned to Matriarch Nephi, who resolutely returned her gaze with powerful, firm eyes that refused to cede dominance. "Will all due respect, Your Sagehood, Sage Farana," Rui bowed his head lightly, offering deference to try and defuse the situation. "These are my blood kin, as you are undoubtedly aware. Not only have I ensured that I am entirely in line with every protocol and guideline of receiving political guests and political immigrants, but I am also a man welcoming his estranged family. I request you not to delay this long-awaited reunion."

Sage Farana closed her eyes, heaving a sigh. "…Very well. Have it your way."

"Thank you."

She opened them as her powerful gaze bore deep into Rui's eyes. "You shall bear responsibility for any and everything that is to ensue. Remember that, Prince Rui Quarrier Silas Kandria."

-



Chapter 1849 Uproar

﻿﻿That day, an uproar erupted.

It spread across the upper echelons of the Kandrian Empire like wildfire before eventually spreading across East Panama.

"To think His Highness found the mythical Silas Clan…"

"Not just found, he also managed to bring them to the Kandrian Empire!"

"Once again, His Highness has rocked the Empire."

It couldn't be helped.

Rui had been forced to disclose their identity, in part due to Sage Farana but also because they had already arrived. However, the initial number of people who heard about the Silas Clan wasn't large; it was like a spark in oil.

The information spread like a conflagration across the entire Kandrian Border Patrol Force from where it was leaked to all corners of the political and upper classes of Kandria.

The legendary Silas Clan had joined the Kandrian Empire.

On top of that, the matriarch of the Silas Clan was a Martial Sage.

This information rocked everybody who heard of it.Th.ê most uptod/at𝓮 n𝒐vels a/re published on n(0)velbj)n(.)c/o/m

A Martial Sage was nothing short of a priceless national treasure. Every nation that had one on retainer was on a whole other level entirely compared to Master-level powerhouses. One of the reasons that the Shionel Confederation managed to just barely retain ownership of its dungeon instead of the Sage-level powerhouses bullying it was because it had a Martial Sage on retainer.

Just the presence of one Martial Artist made a difference between night and day.

Of course, in the case of the Kandrian Empire, the difference was not so staggering. Fifteen Martial Sages were marginally stronger than fourteen Martial Sages. However, the Martial Union had reached such a pinnacle of power that even a one-percent increase in power was extremely difficult and precious to achieve.

The fifteenth Martial Sage of the Kandrian Empire represented a seven-percent increase in power!

This was a staggering increase in power, relatively speaking.

However, onlookers did not discount the other gains that the Kandrian Empire had made with the widely reported addition of the Silas Clan to its ranks. With the power of prophecy, the Kandrian Empire had undoubtedly become the nation with the most powerful intelligence capability.

It could be game-changing.

There was also the addition of Martial Masters, which, while not as exaggerated as the two main gains, was still worth mentioning.

All in all, the impact and ramifications of this recent event were diverse and widespread.

Naturally, an overwhelming majority of the political establishment of the Kandrian Empire had positive reactions.

While not all of them had the best impression of Rui, it was almost impossible to pretend that this development did not deeply benefit almost all of them.

For the business and commercial sector of the Kandrian Empire, an additional Martial Sage represented a much stronger Kandrian Empire. This, in turn, almost instantly increased the benefits to the Kandrian economy.

After all, a Martially stronger nation was less likely to suffer negatively due to detrimental external stimuli like war and natural disasters. This meant that the nation was more reliable and stable to external shocks, which, in turn, naturally meant that the risk factor in investing capital in the nation was lower.

This translated to a greater capital influx, higher credit scores, a higher Kandrian currency index, and a lower trade deficit.

Thus, the corporate, business, and commercial sections of the Kandrian Empire were quite pleased with the retainer of a new Martial Sage and the power of prophecy. Not all of them had chosen to switch to Rui after Princess Rafia dropped out of the Kandrian Throne War, but there were no doubts that they all stood to make great benefits from this recent event.

The maritime and seafare industry of the Kandrian Empire was also pleased for this reason. In addition, the Silas Clan's prophecy could be deeply useful for forecasting the ocean. This new means of information was deeply alluring to all of them; thus, they, too, had no reason to be displeased by this event.

The Hawk Faction was also grudgingly pleased by this event as a faction centered around ambitions of conquest and dominance; greater militaristic power was always a good thing to them, no matter what. The addition of the Silas Clan greatly enhanced the power of the Kandrian Empire and made their pipe dream of continental dominance minutely less unrealistic.

The Merger Faction was mostly ambivalent, tending towards positive since it reinforced Rui's influence in the Martial Union if and when the Silas Clan inevitably joined it. This would allow for a smoother merging of the two greatest power blocs of the Kandrian Empire.

The Kandrian Border Patrol Force was displeased with this little stunt; however, Rui's paperwork was impeccable, so they did not have the authority to stop him in any way. The various governmental institutions reacted somewhat positively because the Silas Clan had proven a history of cooperation with the royal family by marrying their daughter to the Emperor.

Thus, that most likely indicated that they were not going to be against the authority of the royal family and the government that answered it.

If there was one power bloc of the Kandrian Empire that was displeased by the revelations of the Silas Clan, it was the Underworld.

"…This threatens the very foundation of the Underworld," Don Dagonel growled.

As the head of the Dagonel Network and the oligarch of the black market for information, he had swiftly verified the veracity of the Silas Clan story. Much to his shock, it turned out to be completely legitimate and real.

The prophetic power of the Silas Clan had the potential to completely uproot the Underworld!

It completely changed the equations of the game for them.

Five other figures sat around at the table with equally grim expressions. The existence of the underworld was predicated on the darkness. They had attempted to change this through Prince Rajak but had all but failed.

And now, the power of prophecy threatened to strip away the darkness that protected them. They needed to be deeply careful about the way handled this, otherwise, it could spell the end of the Underworld.



Chapter 1850  Union Considerations



The Underworld was perhaps the only power bloc that had a negative reaction in the sea of positive reactions within the Kandrian Empire.

Yet, none were more overjoyed than the Martial Union.

An emergency assembly meeting had been called, featuring all kinds of authoritative officials within the Martial Union and as many Martial Masters that could be called on short notice.

"All hail the Void Prince!"

One Martial Master declared loudly.

"Truly, His Highness has bestowed nothing short of a miracle to the Kandrian Empire and to the Martial Union."

"With the power of the Silas Clan, the Martial Union will be invincible! We will be invincible!"

Naturally, many of them were deeply excited by the prospects of the Silas Clan joining the Martial Union. It made too much sense for them to do so. The Silas Clan was a Martial family that was centered around a technique or a field led by a Martial Sage. This kind of model already existed in the Kandrian Empire and the Martial Union. It was nothing new; thus, as far as the Martial Union was concerned, the Silas Clan fit right into the Union!

"We must immediately arrange for a qualified ambassador!"

"Indeed, the probability is low, but we must ensure that neither the Kandrian government nor the Underworld gets their hands on the Silas Clan!"

"The Void Prince is our ambassador, fools. He is officially recognized as the senior ambassador of the Martial Union. He is the strongest Martial Senior of our Union and blood kin to the Silas Clan."

"There is no better ambassador for the Martial Union!"

"Truly, there is no one better than the Void Prince. All hail the Void Emperor!"

The meeting soon devolved into a cheering party, and a praising session of Rui, for the Martial Masters, were too pleased by this particular outcome.

"Your Masteries, if I may," one non-Martial Artist in the panel adjacent to the Martial assembly chirped up.

He managed to successfully earn their attention on account of being the Director of Foreign Affairs of the entire Martial Union, a particularly powerful position within the Martial Union.

"While the Void Prince is most certainly a qualified ambassador, we ought to consider more direct diplomatic endeavors that operate under our direct authorization. Naturally, the Void Prince can also take his own measures or even cooperate with our authorized delegation, but it is best that we take a more proactive stance to reel in the Silas Clan regardless."

His words were sensible.

It made the enthusiastic Martial Masters pause and consider the merit of his words. A wave of murmurs spread across them.

"Forget about it." Th.ê most uptod/at𝓮 n𝒐vels a/re published on n(0)velbj)n(.)c/o/m

A powerful voice cut through the atmosphere.

A single Martial Master drew all the attention in the assembly hall to herself. Instantly, the room quietened down as the Martial Masters deferred her.

Master Sera Graven, the Harbinger.

The sole grade-thirty Martial Master of the Kandrian Empire.

The strongest.

She closed her eyes. "The Silas Clan is led by a martial sage. In other words, nobody on this assembly panel is qualified to negotiate with the Silas Clan."

She opened her eyes.

A wave of fear spread through the Martial Masters around her.

"Only the Martial Sages are qualified to handle this particular case."

Her words rang true.

While other organizations did not hold such an attitude when it came to dealing with Martial Artists, the Martial Union was firm that delegations ought to include Martial Artists of the same rank.

It was one of the reasons that Ceeran had been deployed with Rui to the Vilun Island.

"In the Void Prince's case, he is blood kin of the Silas Clan, thus he is somewhat immune to this rule in this case. However, I'm sure that the Martial Sages of our Union will act nonetheless."

An understanding needed to be developed between the leaders of the union and the head of the Silas Clan. If that did not happen, then no amount of negotiating from the Void Prince would be able to bridge the gap.

"The Silas Clan is said to be extremely proud of their prophetic heritage and legacy from Sage Silas," the Harbinger quietly analyzed the situation. "That may make it difficult, although it is not insurmountable by any measure."

A proud Martial Sage was hardly new. Several Martial Sages of the Kandrian Empire were deeply proud, arrogant, and even narcissistic. Yet, they still managed to live in the same Empire, and ten of them even formed a union together, even if they didn't necessarily like each other all that much.

"Rather than considering tasks beyond our reach, I suggest we focus on things that are within our reach. The Silas Clan propagates a forbidden technique, which might violate some of our rules and bylaws," she analyzed.

"Not precisely, Your Mastery," the Director of Union Code replied. "What is forbidden is the commercial transaction and sale of forbidden techniques. Simply creating one and using it for one's self, or sharing it with family is not forbidden. On top of that, Martial Sages possess penal immunity; thus, if the Silas Clan frames it as the Matriarch's endeavors and initiatives, there would be no violation in any case."

That was a relief.

The worst-case scenario that could unfold was that the Silas Clan changed their mind about joining the Martial Union because of a handful of rules.

The assembly was willing to go as far as amending the rules just to accommodate the Silas Clan.

That was how valuable a Martial Sage and the power of prophecy was. There were very few lines that the Martial Union was not willing to cross to have them. The Silas Clan was the kind of resource that could trigger continental wars if they were independent.

The fact that Rui had singlehandedly granted the Martial Union this boon had elevated his position in the Martial Union to even greater heights. Not even 'platinum boy' was enough to describe how valuable and important he had become to the Martial Union.



