Chapter 1771 Nigh Unanimous

﻿﻿A large number of important individuals had gathered deep in the Martial Union headquarters in the capital town of Vargard.

The seating arrangements were structured strangely.

A hundred and eleven seats faced the speaker's podium, each occupied by a Martial Master.

There were two more sections of seats on either side of the Martial Masters, facing each other, occupied by various different non-Martial officials within the Martial Union. Commissioners, managers, directors, and so on and so forth.

Although they didn't have any real authority, they did have the right to spectate and voice their opinions, offering a non-Martial perspective.

"I presume that everybody knows why this emergency meeting has been called." The speaker calmly remarked. "This assembly has been called for one and only one agenda."

A moment of silence lingered in the air.

"The stance of the Martial Union on the recent revelation of His Highness, Prince Rui Quarrier Kandria's royal bloodship and heirship," The speaker remarked. "As everybody here is aware, this committee was unable to arrive at a consensus on the decision of the Martial Union on the cold war ensuring in the Kandrian Empire at the moment. In light of the aforementioned revelations, there have been a large number of calls for reconsideration on this matter."

Different Martial Sects and factions within the Martial Union supported different princes and princesses.

Although Prince Raijun had received the most amount of support from the Martial Union, each of the six other princes and princesses had also received support in varying amounts, including Prince Raul and Prince Rajak, who had managed to earn the support of several unorthodox sects who wanted to decriminalize several forbidden substances and products that were relevant to their Martial Path.

Thus, the committee never arrived upon a consensus on which candidate the Martial Union ought to choose.

Now, however, many people felt it was possible that the Martial Union may unanimously or overwhelmingly approve of one and only one candidate.

"Let us not beat around the bush," The speaker remarked. "What is the will of the Martial Union about Prince Rui Quarrier Kandria. I open the stage for free discourse."

Not a moment passed, and all hell had broken loose."

"THE FIRE SECT APPROVES!" Master Iskan bellowed with a wild grin. "His Highness, the Void Prince, has proven time and time again that he is a Martial Artist among Martial Artist. A Martial Artist cut from a different cloth! A general supermind who, for once, chose to pursue his Martial Path instead of boring shit like medicine or history!"

"Hear hear!"

"The Fire Sect fully supports Prince Rui Quarrier Kandria!"

"The Void Prince shall lead the Martial Union and the Kandrian Empire to eternal Martial glory!"

The boisterous Martial Masters Fire Sect began causing a ruckus as they vocally supported Rui.

"Order… Order…!" The speaker urged them to calm down. "I encourage all members to partake and allow others to partake equally."

However, the Fire Sect wasn't the only sect that expressed support for Rui.

"The Lightning Sect supports the Martial Union supporting Rui Quarrier," A thin, lean female Martial Master stood up, declaring. "We have come to a unanimous decision that of the potential candidates for Emperor or Empress, the Void Prince must be the Fourth Emperor of Kandria."

"The Earth Sect is also deeply in favor of the Martial Union supporting Prince Rui Quarrier for Emperor."

The three major sects of the Martial Union had made their decisions.

It was clear that nearly single Martial Master among the three had an extremely favorable impression of the prospects of Prince Rui becoming Emperor.

"The Breathing Sect also unanimously approves." A Master from the Breathing Sect declared.

"The Mind Sect also unanimously approves."

"The Balance Sect also…"

One by one, Martial Sect after Martial Sect declared their approval for Rui Quarrier ascending the throne.

Yet, not all Martial Sects were in favor.

"The Poison Sect disapproves!" A Martial Master with an unnatural paper-white skin declared.

The momentum of the pro-Rui power bloc was halted as the first sect thoroughly opposed them.Ch𝒆êck out l𝒂t𝒆st 𝒏𝒐v𝒆l𝒔 on n/o/v𝒆/l/bin(.)c/𝒐/m

"Ungrateful bastards!" One Martial Master cursed. "You have benefited from the Hungry Pain technique, and this is how you repay him?!"

"We have indeed benefited from him," The leading Martial Master of the Poison Sect replied. "However, our decision is based on future considerations, not past. So long as Prince Rui does not announce his intention to decriminalize the thirty- one illegal poison substances under Kandrian law as Emperor, we will not support him!"

The Poison Sect was firm on what they wanted from the Kandrian Emperor. While it was true that Rui had earned their admiration and respect, it was not enough to overwhelm the actual benefits that supporting Prince Rajak would bring them.

Stronger poisons meant stronger poison-oriented Martial Artists, and that was very difficult to beat.

"…The Merge Sect is firmly in favor of Prince Rui!" One man from the non-Martial section declared.

This sent a wave across the gathered members. Yet, it was not unexpected. In their eyes, Rui Quarrier may as well have become a beacon of hope. Not only was he the platinum boy of the Martial Union, but he was also clearly the platinum boy of the Royal Family, heaving earned the heirship of the Emperor of Harmony.

He alone could fulfill the dream of the Merge Faction. The dream of the Merger Faction to unite the Martial Union with the Kandrian government. With his strong ties to the Royal Family and the Martial Union, it was not impossible for him to rewrite Kandrian law and convince both parties to unite in some fashion.

"We will support Prince Rui till the end of time!" The unofficial representative of the Merge Faction within the Martial Union firmly declared. "We urge the Union to fully support the Void Prince!"

However, they weren't the only faction with an opinion on Rui Quarrier.

"The Martial Supremacist Faction…" One member began. "…is torn in half."

She faced the entire committee. "We, of the pro-Rui Martial Supremacist Faction, fully support His Highness to rule Kandria."



Chapter 1772  Rationales



A wave of surprise spread through the members of the committee.

The Martial Supremacist was a highly cohesive faction.

Yet apparently, the Final Prince was powerful in a topic to cleave even this cohesive faction into two.

"We of the pro-Rui Martial Supremacist Faction are in favor of supporting the Void Prince," She said. "We believe it will do more for Martial supremacy to support him instead of Prince Raijun."

The air tingled, prickling at their nerves.

Many stirred at her words.

The rationale behind it became increasingly clear.

Prince Rui was far likelier to win the throne war than Prince Raijun. Thus, supporting him was the best way to get a through-and-through Martial Artist on the throne. However, that wasn't the only rationale.

He was also a Martial Senior, while Prince Raijun was a new Squire.

He was a deeply accomplished Martial Artist, while Prince Raijun had yet to have his first real fight.

Many Martial Masters felt naturally inclined to support Rui between the two. He was overwhelmingly more attractive and superior as a candidate to support.

However, his detractors had a point.

"We of the pro-Raijun Martial Supremacist Faction have chosen to abstain from supporting His Highness, the Void Prince," One man remarked. "While we have deep respect for the final prince of Kandria, his marked distaste for Martial supremacy is far from a secret. We do not wish to support a prince that actively dislikes our philosophy."

This was the reason that Rui had been unable to win over the entirety of the Martial Supremacist Faction.

While a portion of the Martial Supremacist Faction had immediately defected and switched sides, the portion that was more concerned with making Kandria a Martial Supremacist nation had remained with Prince Raijun.

The fact of the matter was that most of the portion that defected to Rui was comprised of Martial Masters.

As Martial Artists, they were prone to judging Martial Artists by strength, regardless of context.

Even if the duties of the Emperor were entirely irrelevant to one's Martial power, they were still much more inclined to support Prince Rui because he was exponentially stronger than Prince Raijun. This was what power was to Martial Artists. It was overriding. Martial Artists naturally arranged themselves in hierarchies of power in any given organization or even random grouping.

That was why Rui had earned a large amount of support from across the Martial Supremacist Faction.

"The Balance Sect supports Prince Rui for Emperor," One Martial Master declared.

"The Aquatic Sect refuses to support Prince Rui," Another Martial Master immediately followed up.

It was not surprising that this sect did not cease their support of Princess Ranea. After all, Princess Ranea's vision heavily favored their sect above all else. The Aquatic Sect would become extremely prominent and powerful if she ascended the throne.

Of course, like all members of the Martial Union, they certainly respected Rui and were grateful for all his contributions to Martial Art. However, that did not mean that they were willing to curb their interests to support him when he didn't really favor them.

It was also known that Prince Rui had been invited by Princess Ranea to join her faction more than a year and a half ago, and he had refused. He was known to be highly opposed to her naval ambition.

It meant that if Rui ascended the throne, they were definitely going to be disenfranchised, compared to if Princess Ranea supported him.

Just like the Poison Sect and the Aquatic Sect, there were sects that were ultimately opposed to the Martial Union opposing Prince Rui Quarrier.

However, they were few and far between compared to those in favor of Rui.

"The Hajin Martial Academy approves," The calm and powerful voice of Headmaster Aronian reverberated through the General Assembly. "Prince Rui Quarrier has not only demonstrated an extraordinary drive for Martial Art but also a supernatural mind and a capacity for thought that rivals those of fabled human sages throughout history."

Headmaster Aronian was the only Martial Master in the Martial Union who had known Rui from before he broke through to the Apprentice and Squire Realms. His insights regarding the prodigious genius were especially heavy in that regard.

"The Weapon Sect refuses!" One Martial Master declared. "While we have deep respect for His Highness and his accomplishments, he is unable to act in a manner that is best to our interests."

One of the things that weapon-oriented Martial Artists were uniquely concerned about was access to high-quality resources and smithy services. They were among the most economically aware Martial Artists and understood that their needs were greater than those of the average Martial Artist.

That was why they had firmly chosen to support Princess Rafia in return for an astonishing amount of wealth and exclusive channels and agreements to secure the goods and services they needed for their Martial Art. The quality of their weapons would raise much more if Princess Rafia ascended upon the throne.

Just like the Poison Sect and the Aquatic Sect, they simply did not get from Rui what they got from other princes or princesses.

They weren't the only ones. The pro-Rui Martial Masters cursed as more Martial Sects and Martial Masters than they expected refused to support the proposal of the Martial Union as a whole supporting Rui Quarrier.

It wasn't long before every Master, sect, and faction had voiced their opinion.

"Let us now commence the voting period," The speaker remarked. "All in favor of the proposal?" VịSit no(v)3lb/!n(.)c𝒐m for new 𝒏ov𝒆l𝒔

A large majority of the Martial Masters threw their hands up in the air.

"Eighty-two Martial Masters are in favor of the motion," The speaker remarked. "All against the proposal?"

A minority of Martial Masters raised their hands. Their numbers were far fewer than those that favored the Martial Union wholeheartedly supporting Rui Quarrier Kandria as Emperor.

"Twenty-nine Martial Masters have voted against the motion," The speaker remarked. "With merely seventy-three-point-eight percent of the votes, this motion has failed to meet the threshold of approval and has thus been rejected!"



Chapter 1773  Clash of Intentions



Immediately, the detractors who voted against it earned the ire of the rest of the room.

"Tsk!"

"Fools!"

"You will regret this mistake."

In order for a motion of foreign policy to be passed, it required at least seventy-five percent of the votes. This was to ensure that any decision the Martial Union made as an organization represented the will of a large majority. The motion to support Rui as an official candidate had just narrowly missed the mark!

While the support for it was far higher than the fifteen percent that Prince Raijun had gotten when a similar proposal had been raised for him, it was still not enough.

Of course, the various sects, factions, and individuals were free to support Rui in an individual capacity. They would not be able to employ the resources of the Martial Union, outside of their direct personal authority, to help whoever they chose to support.

"With no more agendas on the docket, I declare this assemble to be clos-"

Suddenly, a tremendous wave of pressure pressed down on the entire assembly.

An enormous presence had suddenly arrived.

A presence that weighed down not just on the mind but also on heaven and earth.

The world seemed to almost distort to accommodate this new presence.

STEP

He stood at the center of the assembly.

His attire matched that of a monk, with a single robe that wrapped across his entire gargantuan body. His head was entirely bald, while his chin featured a long, white, flowing beard.

Not a single person failed to recognize him.

The Mountain of Fortitude, Sage Kreinwol Vintar of the Earth Sect, had appeared.

"Your Sagehood!"

"It is an honor to be graced by Your Sagehood!"

The non-martial Artists exited their seats, kneeling down on both knees, pressing their heads into the ground, and prostrating themselves with abandon.

The Martial Masters bowed their heads with respect and admiration.

He stared at them for a moment before issuing a single remark.

"I reject this outcome."

His words reverberated through the General Assembly of the Martial Union.

"Your Sagehood…?" One Martial Master inquired.

"The Martial Union shall support Prince Rui Quarrier," He declared.

The General Assembly of the Martial Union shook as the veritable Martial Sage made his bold declaration.

Martial Sages normally did not partake in the nominal decision-making process of the Martial Union despite being the recognized leaders of the Martial Union.

They couldn't be bothered.

However, that did not mean they couldn't.

Every Martial Sage reserved the right to veto any decision made by the General Assembly of the Martial Union or any other committee. Their singular word alone was enough to outweigh the words of all Martial Masters of the Martial Union.

It was an authority that they seldom used.

Yet, every once in a while, a matter worthy of their time and attention appeared.

This meeting was one of them.

It had appeared that the Mountain Of Fortitude had chosen to intervene upon the failure of the motion to pass.

"Your Sagehood, if you may be so gracious to give this one an opportunity to speak?" The speaker humbly requested.

The Mountain Of Fortitude glanced toward the inconspicuous human.

"Speak." N/nêw n0vel chap/ers are published o/n n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

"Can this be interpreted as the exercising of your veto authority?"

"Indeed," The Martial Sage calmly remarked. He glanced over to the detractors of the proposal, who shirked under his vision. "I have determined that the General Assembly is compromised by interests outside of the charter of this organization. I hereby exercise my veto authority as well as my decision vote authority as a member of the Sage Council and thus…"

His eyes sharpened. "…I hereby pass the motion."

His powerful declaration spread across the General Assembly, stunning everybody.

Not only was he going to undo the decision that the Martial Masters had come to, but he was going to forcefully pass the motion using his authority.

The Martial Masters who had opposed the motion gritted their teeth, yet they didn't dare utter a word. He possessed the absolute authority to overcome theirs, and more importantly, he was a Realm of power above them.

No Martial Master could resist a Martial Sage's decision.

However, a Martial Sage could resist a Martial Sage's decision.

And, on this historic day, it appeared that one had indeed chosen to.

A single whisper echoed through the General Assembly.

"Do not get ahead of yourself, Vintar."

A second Sage-level aura spread through the General Assembly.

The world seemed to contort and shiver under the weight of two Martial Sages.

The Mountain of Fortitude narrowed his eyes "…Lemolen." A veiled shadowy figure had appeared before the monk. His face was entirely hidden, unseen to those who peered into the hood that covered his head.

All they saw was darkness.

"…Your Sagehood!"

"It is He!"

The sole assassin Sage of the Kandrian Empire, the Whispering Widower, had chosen to make an appearance. "…Do you truly intend to oppose me?" The Mountain Of Fortitude stared at the Assassin Sage with fixed eyes.

"I reject your decision vote," The Whispering Widower's raspy whisper was fierce.

The air boiled in alarm.

The lands beneath their feet quivered in fear.

Heaven and earth despaired as the two Martial Sages glared at each other.

One could only imagine its reaction when a third Martial Sage appeared.

"I support the Mountain Of Fortitude's decision vote." RUMBLE

The very world itself seemed to shake under the weight of her words.

A lean, elderly woman draped in long, overflowing robes appeared. Her silver hair overflowed far, far beyond her body.

Yet it did not fall.

It swayed afloat midair.

Almost like it was underwater.

"This union shall support Prince Rui Quarrier Kandria," Her imperious tone left no room for retort.

The Breath of Destruction, Sage Malaya Avastriya of the Breathing Sect, had declared her intentions.

Three Martial Sages stood at the center of the assembly.

An undercurrent of tension washed across the entirety of the General Assembly.

The humans were reduced to prostrating voiceless spectators. Before the three Martial Sages of the Martial Union, they did not even have the right to speak.



Chapter 1774 Silent Deliberations

﻿﻿The Martial Masters silently witnessed the diverging wills of Martial Sages clash midair.

Every twitch, every movement, every breath they took.

It impacted the world.

It churned the air.

"Honestly, I think we should leave it to the Masters."

A fourth Sage-level aura overlapped upon the others.

The three of them frowned at the man who had just appeared.

He was lying down on the ground, sleeping.

"Why would you bother yourself with such tiresome work in the first place?" The man yawned, remarking absentmindedly.

Yet his eyes glinted with interest.

"We should be the ones asking you that…" The Breath Of Destruction narrowed her eyes. "…Sevian."

"Well, it's been a century since I partook in one of these. So I figured why not? Also…" Sage Sevian smiled lazily. "As much as I owe the kid one, it's not appropriate to dismiss the Master Council decision because of your selfish intentions.

The Sloth Sage of the Stamina Sect had made his choice.

The votes from the Martial Sages were tied two-to-two.

None of the Martial Sages uttered a word.

They didn't need to.

Their speech was for the sake of those who beheld them.

It was an unnecessary and primitive form of communication.

They needed much less.

Just a glance of the eye was enough.

A deafening silence echoed through the room.

A deep tension choked the air, wringing the atmosphere taut.

Even breathing was a challenge for lesser beings.

"Enough of this," The Mountain Of Fortitude narrowed his eyes. "If words cannot move you, then numbers shall!"

The Martial Masters gasped as six more Sage-level auras spread through the air.

RUMBLE!

The very land beneath them shook in agony.

Heaven and earth wailed as the weight of ten Martial Sages weighed down on them.

The lesser beings shivered in terror as godly power radiated from the beings at the center of the assembly hall.

They prayed.

At that moment, there were no atheists.

They prayed to none other than the beings to the very beings who inspired primordial fear from the depths of their souls.V/\IssịT n0(v)eL/b(i)(n).𝘤𝑜/𝓂 for the b/est novel reading experi/en/ce

"I'm ready to go a round or two any time if you lot are interested!"

A horrifying malevolent cackle escaped from the Devil, Sage Damian Arrancar. A profoundly deep bloodlust emerged from the very core of his being, so much so that it was palpable, almost actual.

"Restrain yourself, fool," The Tempestuous Fortress, Sage Glacken, scowled at the leader of the Fire Sect as he protected the minds of the assembly from his belligerence. "We convene. We do not war."

He, along with the Mountain of Fortitude, led the Earth Sect.

"War does not sound bad, though," The Hugging Hegemon defended her fellow leader of the Fire Sect with a grin that featured a mouth full of canine teeth. "I dunno if that pipsqueak of a prince is going to give it to us."

Not even the deep, dark scars that ran across the entirety of her fair skin could draw attention away from the sheer hulking mass of muscles that lay underneath. An unfathomable amount of physical power lay dormant within the depths of her body.

Every twitch she made caused a tsunami of wind that the Martial Master struggled to contain.

"The two of you are incorrigible," A young girl, one who looked no older than eight years old, glared at the two leaders of the Fire Sect.

The little girl seemed to live in a different flow of time.

She tapped her fingers, played with her hair, swayed back and forth, and tapped her feet seemingly all at once.

She made billions of impatient movements every second.

She couldn't help it.

The entire world may as well have been frozen in time from her perspective. It took a deep amount of patience to issue her words in a manner that the lesser being could comprehend.

"I support Prince Rui Quarrier Kandria."

The leader of the Lightning Sect, the Flickering Elder, had declared her decision!

"I second my colleague's decision," The Flashing Flier calmly expressed his support for the Void Prince alongside his fellow leader of the Lightning Sect.

expressed his support for the Void Prince alongside his fellow leader of the Lightning Sect.

The air grew

"Hic…buuurp,"

Nine of them glanced at one particular Martial Sage with disdain.

"Sorry, sorry…don't mind me, but man…" The drunk woman remarked as she chugged from her wine bottle. "This liquor made from the Celestial Plumberries of the Beast Domain just hits different!"

The Celestial Plumberries were fruits known to be so extraordinarily toxic that a single drop of its extract once brought death upon the entire population of a small country when it escaped into the air due to the mishandling of the product.

Her hair was as disheveled as messy as her clothes were.

Yet the perilous Sage-level aura that radiated from her was not for show.

The Drunk Dame.

The only Martial Sage of the Martial Union who didn't bother creating or joining a sect.

She, along with the Sloth Sage, were among the most eccentric Martial Sages of the Martial Union.

"Why are you even here?" The Mountain of Fortitude glared at her.

She shrugged. "Why not?"

"If you're here, make up your mind."

She glanced at the Sloth Sage. "What choice did he make?"

"He chose to oppose the motion."

"Then I choose to support it," She boldly declared. "What is the motion again?"

The nine Martial Sages stared at her, dumbfounded.

While the mood amongst the Martial Sages was nothing they weren't accustomed to, having known each other for centuries, the lesser beings did not perceive it as such.

Most of them had fainted.

The Martial Masters gritted their teeth as they beheld the ten Martial Sages of the Martial Union, silently deliberating in a ream of communication beyond their fathoming.

RUMBLE

The world quivered under the weight of the Sage Realm.

A profound power that not even the Masters could fathom radiated from them, they, who were but a single Realm below Transcendence. A power that could only be considered that of the gods.

They deliberated silently.

It wasn't long before a decision was made.



Chapter 1775  An evening of Fruit Juice



"Mom," Rui glanced at his mother.

"Yes, baby?"

An unusual silence had permeated through the Quarrier Orphanage. The caretakers had the opportunity to take the children for a small outing in the nearby woods for half a day of fun while the season of spring lasted. While the forest in the vicinity wasn't entirely safe, Max and Mana had accompanied them as bodyguards, so Rui wasn't particularly worried.

While managing and playing with the kids could be fun, he passed on the little trip. "…What are you making?" Rui asked, glancing at her work.

"Fruit juice," Lashara smiled. "They'll be tired when they come back. Some good fruit juice will make them feel better. Mayra has planned for some yummy meals today, so look forward to it."

"Hm…" Lashara glanced at him. "And what is my baby doing?"

"…Just thinking," Rui replied, glancing at the wall before him before turning back to Lashara. "Say, mom…could I ask you about something?"

"Of course," Lashara nodded as she squeezed the juice from an orange.

"…What was your childhood like?" Rui asked.

The silence grew more pointed.

It prickled at the skin.

Rui's question wasn't out of nowhere. He recalled what Rael had told him when describing how he found Rui a good home.

An orphanage created and run by a woman who was once a trafficked orphan, determined to offer a loving home to orphans that she had been denied as a child.

He didn't really think much about it since, at the time, he had yet to process the many even more shocking revelations that his father had revealed to him. But as he sat here, he could not help but recall those words.

Of course, he had an idea of what had happened. The Mantian Region once had a rather extensive child trafficking ring across Kandria. They would set up fake orphanages that looked like real orphanages and lure children into them with food, shelter, and apparent loving family

It wouldn't be a week before that child was never seen again.

The Emperor of Harmony, along with the Martial Union, had worked together to systematically suppress this sector, although it was impossible to eliminate it entirely. It wasn't not longer prevalent currently.

"…" Lashara winced at his question.

"…I'm sorry, that was an insensitive question," Rui apologetically remarked.

Lashara shook her head. "…It's not you, baby. It's just…I don't like thinking about my childhood."

She squeezed the fruits even harder. "I haven't had the most fortunate circumstances."

That was putting it mildly. "But it was because of those unfortunate circumstances that I found my calling, that I grew determined to create a truly loving orphanage," She remarked. "Determined to give to others what I thought I had."

She turned to Rui with a glint of affection in her eyes. "And it was the best decision of my life. That is why I do not resent my childhood if those experiences were necessary for me to choose this path in life."

Rui smiled, amazed at the graciousness in her words as she returned to squeezing fruit with greater affection.

"…Thank you," Rui found himself saying. "Thank you for creating this wonderful orphanage."

The air grew quiet for a moment as Lashara met his gaze with an affectionate smile. "Thank you for being born in this world."

His face slid into a complicated smile at her words. "…You know, you're the only person who didn't ask me or talk about…it."

His eyes met her motherly gaze. "Thank you. Thank you for that. Thank you for everything."

Lashara smiled as she returned to squeezing fruits. "Everybody needs space and time. To think, to decide, to build up the courage needed to take the first step. Take all the space and time you need before you're ready." V/\IssịT n0(v)eL/b(i)(n).𝘤𝑜/𝓂 for the b/est novel reading experi/en/ce

"…Thanks," Rui smiled, resigned.

He was once more reminded about why he loved his mother. While his life kept growing crazier, while the way people treated and talked to him changed, she would make him feel warm and fuzzy inside with just a simple conversation. No matter what he did or became, he was always her baby.

This was something that grew increasingly precious to him as time passed.

People who could just treat him ordinarily without letting his status get in the way. Of course, while the orphanage still loved and adored him, many of the caretakers could not hide their new awe and amazement towards him since the revelation of his princehood.

Only Julian and Lashara had treated him entirely normally, and only Lashara had understood what he needed from her emotionally.

He didn't need to be bombarded with questions that he himself did not know the answer to, nor constantly reminded that he was the son of the Second Emperor of Kandria. These did not help him process things that he just wanted a moment of solace from.

"Have a taste," She gave him a spoonful of the juice.

"..Mmm, that's nice," Rui clicked his tongue. "What do you think about the flavor."

"Tastes like love."

"Oh silly," She giggled. "Tell me if it needs a little sugar; the oranges this season were a little too sour for the children."

She worked on the large pot of juice while Rui supplied her with feedback until it was eventually done.

"Done." Lashara turned to Rui with a smile, only to notice him in a pensive mood. "What's the matter, baby?"

"…Just thinking."

"About what?"

Rui's eyes glinted with a hint of sorrow. "I probably won't be able to do things like this ever again if I ascend the throne."

She smiled melancholically, reaching and pulling him in an embrace. "Nothing lasts forever. Treasure what you have while you have it and accept it when it goes."

She squeezed Rui harder in her embrace, planting a few kisses atop his head. "Just like I am doing now. Grateful people are happy people. I am grateful to the universe for allowing me to adopt you as a baby. I am grateful that you have been a part of this family. And know that no matter what, you will always be my baby."



Chapter 1776  The wisdom Of A Friend



WHOOSH WHOOSH WHOOSH!

Kane evaded a flurry of blows from Rui, circling around him before driving his blunt sparring daggers into Rui's neck. Thê sourc𝗲 of this conte/nt n/o/v/(𝒆l)bi((n))

THWACK!

Rui sharply deflected his knife jab at the wrist, swiftly turning as he unleashed a powerful, swift blow at Kane.

WHOOSH!

Kane swiftly evaded the blow with ease, yet his eyes met Rui's for a moment.

'Temporal Disharmony.' Kane prepared himself for this technique, activating Fulminata Godspeed as a counter. This technique had a good synergy against Rui's hypnosis, largely negating its effects.

Yet, he was not prepared for what came next.

"Speed Void."

Kane's eyes widened as he felt his speed disappearing. Heaven and earth themselves opposed his motion.

The very world rejected his Martial Art!

BOOM!

A powerful blow crashed into his solar plexus before he could evade it with his deeply hampered agility. The sheer power of the blow was completely converted into damaged, soaked by his body, so much so that his body didn't move an inch.

07:20

A powerful blow crashed into his solar plexus before he could evade it with his deeply hampered agility. The sheer power of the blow was completely converted into damaged, soaked by his body, so much so that his body didn't move an inch.

"Ack…!" Kane gasped, coughing as he fell to the ground, unable to so much as breathe, his diaphragm reeling from the impact. "…Ok, you win. Sheesh." Rui smiled, offering a hand to him, pulling him up.

"What was that?!" Kane exclaimed, shocked. "I've never felt anything like that."

"It's the domain technique I was telling you about," Rui remarked. "The Speed Void technique of my new Yggdrasil System."

"That name makes sense, not gonna lie," Kane admitted. "I felt like my speed was disappearing. That's insane, man."

"Yeah, it's quite powerful," Rui smiled with a hint of smugness. "It's what I was working on for more than a year and a half after consuming the Roaring Dragon Blood Potion."

"Oof, I'm going to need me one of them potions if I want to keep up, because you're too damn strong!" Kane complained. "How's progress been with those?"

"Not easy," Kane heaved a sigh. "I don't how you did it, but earning the right to consume those potions isn't just a matter of money."

"True," Rui nodded.

Those were potions reserved for the Martial Masters of the Martial Union to ensure that their Martial Bodies did not fall behind the times due to inferior Squire evolution breakthrough processes. This was connected to the martial Union's overall power thus these potions were considered strategic resources.

The Martial Union did not hand them out to Martial Seniors, barring truly special circumstances. Rui was one of those truly special circumstances.

"…Especially since the recent revelations," Kane remarked, throwing a knowing look at Rui.

Kane was deeply shocked when he learned about Rui's princehood. He couldn't have imagined that Rui had a family that was even more lofty than his own! Rui heaved a heavy sigh. "Yeah. I don't know if I'll be going down that route."

Though, he didn't even strictly need to become Emperor to gain more resources, even his status as a prince afforded him greater options and opportunities to get his hands on some powerful resources.

"As Emperor, of course, I would be able to gain far more resources than just a prince, but…" He left the obvious unspoken.

"If you ask me, you should totally go for it," Kane remarked nonchalantly.

"You think?" Rui raised an eyebrow.

"Absolutely," Kane remarked. "Not gonna lie, I'm surprised you haven't leaped at the opportunity yet."

"Would you?"

"In a heartbeat, man," Kane laughed. "Think about it. You get to be the Emperor of Kandria!"

Rui stared at him, flummoxed, before breaking into a wry smile. "Right, why didn't I think about that? You're such an utterly brilliant genius, Kane. Truly unparalleled."

"What can I say? I'm just too good, you know?" Kane shrugged, ignoring Rui's sarcasm. "If I were you, I would become Emperor, appoint a dude to do all the actual work, and just live it up, man. I'm talking luxury living, a staff of maids and butlers tending to your every need, maybe even a harem. The Emperor gets concubines, right? You should get a bunch of babes from across the world and just bang bang!"

Rui furrowed his eyebrows as Kane crudely described the process of creating heirs for the future of the ruler of the nation.

That was also one part he was not entirely looking forward to.

Not the 'bang bang,' specifically; he certainly had no problems with that specific part whatsoever, but the prospects of fathering dozens or hundreds of children and essentially leaving their education to trained staff and their mothers was something that he did not look forward to if he did choose to become Emperor.

He also did not want to become the origin of the next generation of the Royal Family and watch them become power-hungry princes and princesses with a toxic and venomous hatred for each other who were each just waiting for him to die so that they could ascend the throne.

"That doesn't sound fun."

Kane turned towards him with a flummoxed look. "You must be gay."

Rui heaved a sigh. "I meant the fathering heirs part. I'm not ready for a single son or daughter, let alone more than a hundred."

Kane shrugged. "Hey, you can't have it all. I'd say it's a fair trade for being required to have a harem. The best part is that nobody's gonna judge you for fathering a lot of kids since you're the Emperor. If I wouldn't be judged by anybody I knew, I would apply for a harem today, not gonna lie."

Rui chuckled weakly, shaking his head. "Maybe you could start with Fae and Princess Rafia."

"She's your sister, man." "You can kill her for all I care," Rui snorted. "I'd even help you bury the body."

"Dayum!" Kane laughed. "That's cold."

Rui smiled wryly as he bantered with his friend. He appreciated what Kane was doing.

He understood that the insights he had to offer were, well, not very insightful. He also knew Rui well enough to know that his considerations on the matter were far deeper than his own could ever even come close to being.

What he could do, however, was lighten Rui's consideration of the matter by blurting out his instinctual considerations about it, regardless of whether they were the most sound or not.



Chapter 1777 Decision(?)

Rui spent the next few days talking to several people about the recent revelations. Friends, family, acquaintances, benefactors…

They had different insights to offer.

"Drive alone is indeed enough to walk down one's Martial Path, however…" Headmaster Aronian had told him with a knowing look. "Momentum can help you tread that path even faster. It is precious and does not last forever. Neither does your youth. Consider what ascending the throne will do it."

He abstained from telling Rui what choice he ought to make. He did, however, warn Rui of how precious the momentum that he had accrued in recent times. Thê sourc𝗲 of this conte/nt n/o/v/(𝒆l)bi((n))

"Had anyone else told me that they could follow their Martial Path and rule the Emperor in a manner befitting the heir of the great Emperor of Harmony, I would have laughed in their face," Master Vericita smiled gently as she petted Rui's head. "However, I would be unable to laugh if it was you, of all people, who told me this. Your mind is innately the most powerful that I have ever seen in my entire life. I believe that you, of all people, may be able to do the impossible and walk both paths."

It appeared that Master Vericita thought highly of him.

She wasn't the only one.

"I cannot begin to imagine how difficult ruling an Empire must be," Master Ceeran had remarked when Rui consulted him. "The sheer tribulations of mind that the Emperor of Harmony must have overcome to not only bring this Empire back from the brink of civil war, but also then turn a civil war into civil harmony. I do not believe that most Martial Artists are able to fathom how difficult it is. However…"

He had turned towards Rui. "I believe you have the ability to succeed the Emperor of Harmony. I believe that you have the power to surpass him. Thus, if you decide to become Emperor, I will support you with every ounce of power I am able to muster."

"…Thanks," Rui smiled. "I will keep your words at heart."

He wasn't the only one who offered more clear opinions.

"In the past decade, I have worked hard in completing missions from clientele through the Martial Union," Master Zentra had plainly informed Rui. "Do you know why?"

"…No?" Rui tilted his head.

"I've been seeking the Neinhart Nectar Potion," Master Zentra remarked, closing his eyes. "It's a potion that increases the precision of motion of the consumer by an order of magnitude. I believe that it will allow me to reach a territory of control that has previously alluded to me due to a lack of talent. Unfortunately, the Neinhart fruit only grows in Sage-level danger zones in the Beast Domain. In other words, it requires a Martial Sage to acquire it. That is why I've been working hard to earn enough credits to commission Her Sagehood, the Flickering Elder, to procure a fruit for me."

He turned to Rui. "The Emperor would be able to get his hands on it within a month with a single command."

Rui's eyes widened as Master Zentra calmly conveyed the benefits of becoming Emperor.

"That is what you will be giving up if you choose not to ascend the throne," Master Zentra calmly explained. "Remember that whenever you feel like you do not want to talk about it."

It was a powerful argument and rhetorically compelling, even Rui had to admit. However, they weren't the only Martial Masters that Rui had taken the liberty to consult.

"Hehehe, you should become Emperor," Master Reina smirked.

He had finally had a chance to speak to her when he returned to the Great Jrava Mountain Range.

"Why?" Rui gazed at her skeptically.

"Because it's the most entertaining option for me."

"Your selflessness is truly tear-jerking," Rui snorted.

He turned to Master Gurren. "What do you think?"

"I support it as long as you put more research into the astronomy department."

Rui heaved a sigh, palming his face, earning a chuckle from Master Reina.

"A man who walks two paths is an incomplete man, my entertaining pupil," Master Reina smiled. "You would be happier if you dedicated yourself to solely one path and abandoning the other rather than having some kind of narcissistic, arrogant faith in your oh-so-brilliant supernatural intellect."

She gave him sobering advice that made Rui consider the viability of walking two paths at once.

Everybody he spoke to had their own opinions.

Most people gave him sensible but ultimately useless redundant advice. It did not take a genius to realize what most of them told him.

He actually found Kane's thoughts to be more insightful than the generic advice. The greater the diversity of thoughts he had, the better he would be able to make a choice.

Several days later, he found himself sky-walking high in the sky, overlooking all of Kandria.

The nation was so gigantic that not even at this height could he see from one end to the other.

This was the nation that he had the opportunity to rule.

It could be his.

If he wanted, he could be Emperor of Kandria.

If he wanted, he could be the second-most powerful man in all of East Panama.

His word would be law.

His desires would become reality.

The very best of what this world had to offer would be offered to him with a bow.

The power to accelerate human civilization.

The power to drown it in the flames of war.

That was the power that he had the opportunity to take.

A profound euphoria overtook him at that realization. It seeped through his body, heart, and mind.

When he opened his eyes, his decision had been made.

Later that day, an announcement was made.

It spread through the Empire in a heartbeat before racing outside of the Empire and across all of East Panama.

A single statement from Prince Rui Quarrier Kandria.

"As the final prince of Kandria, I, Rui Quarrier Kandria, hereby announce my bid for the throne of the Kandrian Empire."

Yet, while East Panama was rocked into an uproar by his declaration, Rui found himself standing before Sage Sayfeel in the empty throne hall. The Martial Sage regarded Rui with silence, waiting.

Rui stared at him deeply.

His eyes, filled with determination, bored into the Martial Sage.

A single demand escaped his mouth.

"Tell me where the Divine Doctor is."



Chapter 1778  Curbing Faction



Sage Sayfeel narrowed his eyes.

The weight of his gaze pushed down on Rui.

A single question escaped his mouth.

"Why?"

Rui stared at him silently for a moment.

"I believe that I can find him."

His eyes grew more intense.

"I believe that I can compel him."

His tone grew stronger.

"I believe I can end this war by ending what caused it," His clear eyes met those of Sage Sayfeel. "I believe that I can get him to heal my father."

Sage Sayfeel's eyes sharpened into slits.

The air seemed to shift.

It seemed to be wrung taut by the escalating tension.

"End what caused it?" Sage Sayfeel whispered. The displeasure in his voice was clear.

"Compel the Divine Doctor to heal the Emperor?" His eyebrows furrowed sternly.

"That is not the destiny that your father bestowed upon you."

His mouth curled with displeasure. "That is not the will that your father bequeathed to you."

His tone grew more intense. "Your father entrusted the throne to you. He entrusted you to rule Kandria in a manner befitting the Emperor of Harmony."

Rui met the Sage's powerful gaze for a moment before closing his eyes. "I am aware."

"I am aware, but…" His eyes opened.

Clarity glinted in their eyes.

"…but that does not mean I have to accept the destiny or the will that he bequeathed me," Rui narrowed his eyes. "He said the choice was mine. And this is my choice."

Sage Sayfeel's displeasure grew more pronounced. "Your father gave you power that many in this world would kill and die to have…" Thê sourc𝗲 of this conte/nt n/o/v/(𝒆l)bi((n))

STEP

He stepped towards Rui, peering into his eyes deeply.

"…Yet you choose to reject that power that he graciously gave you?"

"The only power that I am interested in is Martial," Rui calmly replied. "Political power…Economic power…Authoritative power…"

He shook his head. "These are not for me."

He turned back to the Sage, meeting his powerful gaze. "My only path is Project Water…"

His tone grew more firm. "…In this life and in any other."

"You would reject your father?" Sage Sayfeel narrowed his eyes. "You would reject this Empire? You would reject save it from the flames of war poised to consume it…?"

His eyes peered into Rui's. "…Even at the cost of your family's peace?"

Rui narrowed his eyes. "I won't allow that to happen."

"Then ascend the throne," Sage Sayfeel's tone grew stronger. "Ascend the throne and rule over Kandria, just like His Majesty foresaw."

"…It was my mother who had the power of prophecy, not my father," Rui's tone was calm yet solid. "He didn't foresee anything. He used the revelation of the truth and the threat against the peace and harmony of my family that I value to try and manipulate me into the throne."

Rui shook his head. "I cannot do justice to Project Water as Emperor."

"I cannot tread my Martial Path as Emperor."

"Every second upon the throne is a second away from my Martial Path," Rui narrowed his eyes. "No amount of thought can change that."

His eyes grew more intense.

"It was always an impossibility from the very get-go. I know you know that."

Sage Sayfeel didn't respond.

Yet his silence was telling.

"It was always an impossibility, and not even my father pretended otherwise," Rui closed his eyes. "The only reason I ever considered this choice, the choice to tread the path of the Emperor at the cost of my Martial Path, was for the sake of my family, but…"

He opened them, meeting Sage Sayfeel's powerful gaze. "…my family is not nearly as absolutely central to the very essence of my identity in the manner that my Martial Path is."

He placed his hand on his heart. "Abandoning them…the very thought of it is excruciating. Just imagining it is soul-agonizing. Yet when I abandon my Martial Path…"

His hand twitched with pain, clawing at his chest. "…there's nothing left. Just a…

The darkness in his eyes rumbled.

It seemed to come to life.

"…a void."

Sage Sayfeel narrowed his eyes.

"So you've abandoned them."

His tone grew tumultuous. "You chose to abandon the family that accepted you, raised you, and nurtured you with love and affection."

Rui shook his head. "No."

His tone grew stronger.

"I will protect their peace without sacrificing my Martial Path," His eyes grew intense. "And I will tread my Martial Path while protecting their peace."

He clenched his fist. "I will not ascend the throne."

Sage Sayfeel closed his eyes with resignation. "Then why did you declare your bid for the throne?"

"For the sake of the Empire," Rui replied.

Sage Sayfeel stirred at those words. "I do not understand. You just said that you would not ascend the throne."

"I announced my bid for the throne," Rui smiled. "That does not mean I have any intention to ascend the throne."

"…What?"

"If I did not announce a bid for the throne and Emperor Rael died while I was away looking for the Divine Doctor," Rui narrowed his eyes. "Then one of the princes and princesses, probably Raijun, will ascend the throne and become Emperor or Empress. If that were to happen, my efforts to find the Divine Doctor would be wasted."

Sage Sayfeel's eyes widened as he understood the extent of Rui's plan. "So you intend to announce your bid for the throne and create a faction that is powerful enough to curb any individual prince or princess from ascending the throne while you're away."

"That's right," Rui smiled. "As long as I do that, none of them will be able to ascend the throne if my father dies before I return with the Divine Doctor."

Sage Sayfeel narrowed his eyes as he beheld Rui. "But how are you going to maintain a faction while spending months, potentially even longer, away from the Empire? Prince Raul was able to do so because he earned fanatic loyalty from his people. While forces of the martial Union will be deeply loyal to you, they will question your absence."



Chapter 1779  Void



Rui smiled calmly. "An astute observation and one that I have a solution for. Good thing it is that already know about her."

Sage Sayfeel narrowed his eyes. "…'her?'"

"The Silent Shadow," Rui remarked. "You know, Master Reina Cara. She possesses the ability to transform her body to mimic the appearance of anybody; she also possesses the ability to mimic their body language, demeanor, and microexpressions to the T. She can do it to a degree that not even non-sensory Martial Masters can discern. It's one of the reasons she's among the very best of the best as far as Master assassins go."

Sage Sayfeel's eyes widened as he understood the depth of Rui's plan. He realized it was quite impressive. "You plan to create a faction, and once you've created the bulk of it, you then intend to have Master Reina Cara serve as a stand-in to mimic you to maintain your faction while you secretly leave the Kandrian Empire."

"Indeed," Rui closed his eyes. "If I am unable to return to the Kandrian Empire with the Divine Doctor before Emperor Rael succumbs, then the Rui Faction, maintained by the disguised Master Reina, will stop any of my insane half-siblings from ascending the throne."

"And then what?" Sage Sayfeel narrowed his eyes. "Someone needs to ascend the throne."

"…I'll figure something out," Rui narrowed his eyes. "Now, tell me. Where is the Divine Doctor."

"Figure something out?" Sage Sayfeel's displeasure grew. "Figure what out? You tried to figure something out, and that failed, didn't it?"

"It's only a problem if I fail," Rui sharpened his eyes. "I don't intend to fail. Where is the Divine Doctor?"

"You will fail," Sage Sayfeel narrowed his eyes. "That is why I demand to know. What will you do when you fail?"

"Why are you certain that I will fail?" Rui growled. "If you've watched me for much of my life, you should know what I am capable of."

His eyes grew more intense.

"I can see the past and the future."

His tone escalated.

"Half of which gave my father hope that he could find the Divine Doctor."

Sage Sayfeel was undoubtedly aware of the Angel of Laplace. He also undoubtedly witnessed Rui using it in action when he used it to track stealthy Martial Masters from the future, peering into the past.

A Senior effectively bypassing a Master's stealth was a feat that would shock the entirety of the Martial World if they knew about it.

Sage Sayfeel would be lying through his teeth if he said he hadn't been shocked and silent that day.

Rui stared at him with askance. "What do you know that ascertains you of my failure?"

Sage Sayfeel narrowed his eyes. "…You are capable—highly capable—more so than any Senior that I have ever seen. However…"

His tone grew grave.

"…Do you think you can find the Divine Doctor within the entirety of the Beast Domain before the Emperor dies in half a year?"

Rui's eyes widened with shock. "...Half a year?! What is a human doing in the Beast Domain?!"

He couldn't believe what he was hearing.

The Beast Domain was highly perilous and highly expansive. The idea that a human could walk into it and survive for long periods of time was absolutely absurd!

Even Martial Artists had a shockingly high mortality rate within the Beast Domain; it was truly a hellish place for anybody not powerful enough to survive.

"The information is verified and vetted," Sage Sayfeel remarked with resignation. "He is somewhere in the Beast Domain."

Sage Sayfeel narrowed his eyes, turning to Rui Quarrier. "So tell me, Your Highness, can you find and bring back the Divine Doctor from god-knows-where in the Beast Domain before His Majesty passes away half a year from now?"

Rui's expression grew grave. "…I didn't know he has half a year left. Is that why you said he was unavailable?"

Sage Sayfeel's expression crumpled with frustration and resignation. "He fell unconscious shortly after you departed. I was prepared to announce it shortly after you made your decision. He has…entered the phase of eternal sleep." Ch𝒆êck out l𝒂t𝒆st 𝒏𝒐v𝒆l𝒔 on n/o/v𝒆/l/bin(.)c/𝒐/m

This was the final phase, where the patient entered a deathly state where they would be indistinguishable from death, barring a scarce heartbeat and mild respiration. It would continue slowing down until the patient passed away sometime after.

His eyes returned to Rui. "You haven't answered my question."

His tone was demanding. "Do you think it is possible for you to find him across the entirety of the Beast Domain in just half a year?" Sage Sayfeel's voice grew fiercer. "Do you think you can even convince him to help the Emperor when he is known not to defer even to Martial Sages? Only Martial Transcendents and so-called 'kindred souls' can earn his aid."

The Sage's gaze intensified. "Even at the threat of death, he does not budge. Martial Artists have killed him for his impudence in the past, yet eventually, he simply returns from the dead. How are you going to compel such a man to help you?"

"…Returning from the dead," A strange expression appeared on Rui's face. "…'kindred souls'?"

A strange possibility entered his mind.

A deep curiosity burned in his eyes.

"Even if you could somehow compel him," Sage Sayfeel narrowed his eyes. "Half a year is too little time for you to possibly accomplish this!"

RUMBLE

Heaven and Earth quivered under the weight of his emotion. They bent, straining to accommodate his titanic presence.

Rui grew grave. "Half a year…"

He knew it was impossible.

"There has to be something…" Rui's eyes swam around as his powerful mind furiously burst into action, processing every possibility. "Something that can ameliorate that timeframe…"

"…Why do you do this?"

Sage Sayfeel's voice was tired.

Rui narrowed his eyes at that question. "Why are you so determined to stop me?"

His tone grew more frustrated. "I am trying to save my father!"

His eyes intensified. "I am trying to save the man you pledged undying loyalty to!"



Chapter 1780 So Be It

﻿﻿A moment of silence lingered in the air.

"…Your Highness," Sage Sayfeel whispered. "You think…I want him to die?"

His gaze bored into Rui's eyes.N/nêw n0vel chap/ers are published o/n n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

"…You think I don't want him to live?"

His voice quivered ever so slightly.

"You think his ailment…his fate pleases me?"

He shook his head.

"You are wrong."

He turned to Rui, meeting his gaze.

"It was his will that you ascend the throne."

Rui narrowed his eyes. "I rejected his will."

Sage Sayfeel closed his eyes. "And what will you do when you fail?"

Rui stared at him.

The man opened his eyes. His powerful gaze bored into Rui's.

"…If you fail, will you ascend the throne?"

A moment of silence lingered.

It was deafening.

The two Martial Artists stared at each other.

The air seemed to boil.

It boiled, wrung taut with the weight of the escalating tension.

"…If I agree, will you help me?" Rui's tone was as clear as fresh water. "Can you help me?"

He stared at the Sage with hopeful eyes.

He didn't know what the Martial Sage was capable of.

In truth, he didn't know what Martial Sages, in general, were capable of. He wasn't entirely aware of the extent of the Master Realm's power and certainly knew no firsthand information.

Sage Sayfeel closed his eyes. "Not even the power of the Sage Realm can accomplish what you seek to accomplish within the time limit you seek to."

Resignation overtook Rui.

Yet the Martial Sage wasn't done.

"…The power of the Sage Realm might not be enough, but…" Sage Sayfeel's voice took an upturn. "Power rivaling the Transcendent Realm can delay the Emperor's fate."

Rui's eyes widened with shock. "…What?!"

The air tingled.

It prickled at the skin.

"What do you mean?" Rui whispered.

"The Emperor had refused this option whilst he was conscious, for he deemed it unworthy to use such a powerful resource to merely delay the inevitable, not prevent it," The Sage's voice grew severe. "The Topaz of Time is a Transcendent esoteric substance that possesses the power to manipulate the flow of time."

"What?!" Rui shook where he stood. "Such a thing exists?!"

"It does," Sage Sayfeel affirmed. "It is one of the national treasures of the Kandrian Empire. With its power, the Emperor's fate can be delayed from half a year to five years."

His eyes narrowed. "However, it is not a renewable resource. Once used, it will crumble to dust. Once used, the Kandrian Empire will be deprived of this treasure."

Rui's expression grew grave.

He met Sage Sayfeel's powerful gaze. "…Do you possess the power to deploy this Transcendent resource?"

"…Yes."

"…Is the Emperor more precious to you than this resource?"

"Infinitely."

Not a hint of hesitation could be found in his voice.

"Then…" Rui's voice trailed off as he met the Martial Sage's powerful gaze.

His message was clear.

"You haven't answered my question yet," Sage Sayfeel narrowed his eyes. "What will you do if you fail?"

"I said I'd figure something ou-"

"No." Sage Sayfeel's eyes widened with intensity.

The very air seemed to boil.

Rui felt chills crawl up his skin at the mere gesture.

"Prince Rui Quarrier Kandria."

The Sage's tone grew more intense.

"If you fail…you will do but one thing."

His eyes narrowed.

"You will ascend the throne."

His words weighed down on Rui.

"You will bear the crown."

They weighed down on his body.

"You will become the Emperor of Kandria."

They weighed down on his soul.

Rui's expression grew grave. "…And if I refuse?"

"Then I will not deploy the Topaz of Time to delay His Majesty's fate," The Sage's tone was unshakable. "You will have to watch Kandria burn with the flames of a war that you could have prevented!"

A moment of silence lingered.

The Sage had made his choice clear.

His eyes bore holes into Rui's. "So, Your Highness, what will it be?"

Rui stared at him.

What if he refused the offer?

That would mean he was back to square one, back to where he was before he was when he was struggling to find a suitable candidate for the throne. Looking for a way to ensure that the throne war ended and that whoever sat atop the throne was not an extremist who would throw the Empire that the throne war ended and that whoever sat atop the throne was not an extremist who would throw the Empire into disarray and civil war.

It was a dead-end.

He had tried every option. None of the seven royals possessed the harmony needed to ascend the throne, and none of the other royals possessed the competence to be Emperor or Empress.

He had made his choice, and he was not to ascend the throne.

There was no path forward.

The Kandrian Empire would simply meet inevitable doom.

However, if he accepted the offer and succeeded, then he would be able to undo this mess entirely.

The Emperor of Harmony would be cured by the Divine Doctor.

And everything would return to just as it was.

However.

"…If I fail…" he whispered.

"If you fail, you will become Emperor," Sage Sayfeel stared at him. "That is the cost of my cooperation."

Rui closed his eyes.

Silence lingered in the air.

Sage Sayfeel stared at the Final Prince intently.

It wasn't until Rui opened his eyes, meeting his gaze with determination, that a single word escaped his mouth.

"Deal."

He made his decision.

Should he succeed, he would be able to fix every single problem in his life.

His father would return.

War would be quelled.

His family's peace would not be disturbed.

However, if he failed…

"If I fail…" Rui's voice intensified. "I, Rui Quarrier Kandria, solemnly swear an oath to ascend the throne as the third Emperor of Kandria if I fail to save Emperor Rael's life despite its prolonging with the Topaz of Time."

His voice was clear and honest.

A deep sincerity and earnestness lingered at its core.

Sage Sayfeel could sense that. His Sage-level senses were incredibly powerful, possessing the power to accurately discern Rui's intent.

The truth was evident.

He closed his eyes.

"So be it."



