Chapter 2180  Aftermath



Soon, a single body at the center of the combat battlefield was discovered.

The body of Rui.

Alive, even if barely.

One of his arms was missing, presumably vaporized by the heat.

His outer flesh was completely burned.

Yet, he was somehow still alive.

The Martial Master was rushed to medical aid as he was flushed with the highest medical treatments that the Panamic Martial Federation could muster. Many powerful treatments employing extremely rare and potent resources meant for life sustenance were immediately dumped into his body.

Many of these were reserved exclusively for Martial Sages. However, the Panamic Martial Federation decided to use them nonetheless. The youngest and most prodigious Martial Master in all of history could not be allowed to die or be crippled.

The Panamic Martial Federation deployed every single resource at its disposal to stabilize his condition as an entire department was put together simply to ensure he lived.

Meanwhile, word of what happened spread across the highest echelons of the Martial World and human civilization.

Master Rui Quarrier Silas Kandria was in a critical medical condition after using a forbidden technique that killed the assigned combat threat evaluator and put the entire headquarters at risk.

An extremely provocative framing of what happened, but, in reality, this was what the investigation department's investigations into the incident had revealed.

There was plenty of evidence supporting this conclusion. All the Martial Masters who were assigned to Master Rui's evaluation unanimously corroborated the story. Their testimonies confirmed that Master Rui had deployed some kind of heat domain that was comprised of some kind of fire from the very inception of the battle. Initially, the domain had been hardly problematic. It was only later that Rui had taken some inscrutable measures to strengthen his domain to a much greater degree, causing it to go out of control with an enormous spike in energy.

The result of this action was the death of his innocent sparring partner, Master Uma, a Master formerly from the Virodhabhasa Theocracy, as well as his own critical medical condition and the jeopardy of the entire headquarters of the Panamic Martial Federation.

The spectating Masters made many statements of the strange hostility that Rui had towards her from the very start of the battle that seemed to intensify across the entire battle until it culminated in him taking extreme measures to not just win the inconsequential sparring battle but also to kill his opponent.

Considering that there were no known ties between Master Rui and Master Uma, investigators could only conclude that Master Rui had lost his temper against the innocent Master Uma when he had found himself unable to overcome her great defenses.

From all available evidence, it appeared that the proud and arrogant young Master had a large ego that couldn't tolerate his inability to overcome the defenses of the guiltless Master Uma, causing him to go too far and employ what was clearly a forbidden technique.

The Panamic Martial Federation reassured everyone that while it would most certainly restore the young Master's condition to his peak, this did not mean it would let him go scott-free for his crimes.

The most shocking news was that the foreign affairs department of the Panamic Martial Federation confirmed that it would be pressing charges against Master Rui once he recovered from his critical condition. n/o/vel/b//in dot c//om

Given how high-profile the incident had become, how politically important the suspect in question was, and how sensitive and delicate the geopolitical dynamics of East Panama were, the Panamic Martial Federation decided to go with full transparency, going so far as to release the statements collected in addition to other pieces of evidence gathered, including footage of the magnificent infant Sun that had emerged from the sparring facility before being snuffed out by a Martial Sage.

All of this sparked an uproar amongst the highest echelons of human civilization, especially since Rui was already super famous in the Martial World for his many accomplishments, his prodigious rate of growth, and his status as the Void Prince of the Kandrian Empire and the once de facto emperor of Kandria before the mysterious recovery of Emperor of Harmony.

For a week, this incident became the center of attention in the political sphere of the Panama Continent, even while the common folk continued life unperturbed. The forces of East Panama were most invested in the matter as a variety of Martial Artists, rulers, politicians, and organizations released many statements. [The Commonwealth Duchy of Vinfrana wishes Final Prince Rui a complete recovery and…]

[The Kingdom of Violis condemns Master Rui for his reckless actions that could have resulted in the harm of countless people…]

Nations within the domain of influence of the Kandrian Empire released positive statements, while those outside of it condemned Master Rui for his actions.

In particular, the other powerhouses of East Panama leaped at the opportunity to mount even more pressure, releasing long statements and making sure that everyone heard them. President Raymond himself spent an entire week in press conferences, using it as an opportunity to rile his voter base up.

The Britannian Empire cleverly used it as an opportunity to privately hasten the other two powerhouses into war rather than falling for the intelligence of the Emperor of Harmony. Meanwhile, the Sekigahara Confederate used it as a chance to slander the Kandrian Empire to prevent their detestable philosophy of harmony from spreading any further.

Yet, while many condemned Master Rui across the entire Martial Community and the political sphere, there were just as many Martial Artists who came to admire the extraordinary power that the young Master had demonstrated.

The technique, forbidden or not, was truly magnificent.

It was a young, ferocious rising star with immense power, much like its user.

It sparked a wave of admiration as it functioned as Master Rui's debut as a Martial Master in the public eye, giving rise to a slew of monikers and titles as his Master title had yet to be decided. There was much contention on the matter as many of his old and new fans debated the matter furiously.

Ultimately, the world settled upon a single name.

Dawnbringer.

-



Chapter 2181  Have Faith



Tensions in East Panama kept escalating as the controversy over Rui's actions in the eastern headquarters of the Panamic Martial Federation continued to become a boiling-hot topic.

The three Sage-level powerhouses did not cease applying pressure on the Kandrian Empire by repeatedly criticizing Rui for his crimes during a mere evaluation. Of course, none of them really gave a damn about the crimes—they couldn't care less about a random Master outcast from the Virodhabhasa Theocracy.

However, it was a good way of applying pressure on the Kandrian Empire. It was a good way to stoke war, which looked increasingly likely as the Republic of Gorteau and the Sekigahara Confederates failed to make much meaningful progress in finding out the method through which Martial Apprentices were mass-produced.

However, while the entirety of East Panama made a big ruckus, a few parties remained suspiciously silent.

The Kandrian Empire and the Virodhabhasa Theocracy.

The latter was not as strange. After all, Master Uma, the victim, was no longer a part of the religious nation-state.

However, the silence of the Kandrian Empire was truly shocking. n/ô/vel/b//jn dot c//om

After all, Rui was not just any Master from the Empire.

He was effectively the crown prince of the Kandrian Empire.

The fact that the Emperor of Harmony didn't release a statement addressing this was truly shocking to the political sphere.

Yet, no matter how many thinly veiled abuses the three Sage-level powerhouses threw at Rui, the Emperor of Harmony didn't intervene whatsoever. Even the Martial Union released a statement declaring unconditional support for the Void Prince, which only fueled more controversy as it seemed like a refusal to condemn what was clearly a moral wrongdoing.

Yet, Rael remained silent.

However, that didn't mean he didn't act.

"Do you understand, Sage Laughner?" Emperor Rael's eyes narrowed as he gazed down at the prostrating Martial Sage from atop the Royal Throne. "I am accelerating certain timelines within Project Transcension in light of this event."

"I understand, Your Majesty," the kneeling Martial Sage replied with a powerful tone. "I shall assassinate the queen of the Jahobar Kingdom and serve her head to you."

This was one of the Martial Sages of the Martial division of the Royal Army. Known as the Sovereign of Silence, he was a covert-oriented Martial Artist who was deeply loyal to the Emperor of Harmony. He served as the Royal Army's counterweight to the Whispering Widower and was a powerful resource when it came to anything that required a furtive approach.

WHOOSH

He disappeared in a moment, as though he had never been there.

Emperor Rael fell into deep thought as his mind furiously coursed through all the information available, evaluating the nuances of the subtle shifts in various local and geopolitical dynamics.

He didn't miss a single detail.

His decision to avoid making a statement was the wise one, even if it frustrated him as a father.

However, he would be giving the enemies of Kandria exactly what they wanted.

They wanted to ensure that if and when they did declare war, it would be more well-accepted than not.

No matter what, public opinion mattered.

As long as they could prime East Panama against the Kandrian Empire, a war on the Kandrian Empire would go a lot smoother than if they were clearly the ones in the wrong. Being perceived as aggressive without provocation, unstable, and dangerous would make many political and commercial powers less willing to trade with them.

But, if they could frame the Kandrian Empire as a negative entity by inflaming controversy about the nation, then the problem was partially alleviated and the war would be viewed less negatively.

This had already happened, after all, with the Martial Union's response.

Emperor Rael was not in the habit of giving his enemies what they wanted.

That was why he accelerated the assassination of the queen of the Jahobar Kingdom.

The best way to cease attention to an incident was to misdirect attention to an even more significant event.

Such as the assassination of the leader of a Sage-level nation.

He had planned to get rid of her anyway so that her son, who was more pro-Kandria, would ascend the throne. The nation was divided in half between two power blocs that constantly engaged in assassination attempts against each other. Thus, it would not be traced back to him anytime soon.

This was the best option to drown out the controversy regarding Rui.

CLACK

The gates to the enormous throne room opened as an elderly woman walked in, garbed in the ethnic attire of the Silas clan, warping heaven and earth under the weight of her being, as those of her ilk did.

She peered at him with clear displeasure. "Make it quick."

Unfortunately, Emperor Rael was in no mood to indulge her today.

His harmonious body language crumpled with cold fury as his powerful glare pinned her in place.

She narrowed her eyes as the air grew more tumultuous.

It boiled.

It boiled under the rage of the Emperor of Harmony.

"You lied." His rich, deep voice heightened with anger. Matriarch Nephi met his piercing eyes with a firm gaze. "I did not lie, technically."

Yet, her words only evoked more anger from the Emperor of Harmony.

"Do not play word games with me, Matriarch of the Silas Clan." His voice was steely. "I would rather not show you that your power as a Martial Sage will not protect you from my wrath."

She heaved a sigh, closing her eyes. "I did deceive you. However, not in regards to the outcome of the operation that you deployed my grandson on. I simply hid the details of the trouble I foresaw him getting into."

"That is a violation of our agreement." He narrowed his eyes. "We agreed that you wouldn't hide any details from me when it came to matters relating to Project Transcension."

"This isn't related to your ambition." Matriarch Nephi snorted. "It is related to a personal matter involving your son. It is related to his path to the Sage Realm. Had I told you the truth, had I told you that this would have happened, would you have let your son go to the Panamic Martial Federation on that mission of yours?"

Emperor Rael narrowed his eyes.

Yet, he remained silent.

"Hah, that is why I didn't tell you." She snorted again. "You would have canceled the operation and sent someone else, depriving your son of the opportunity to learn more about himself and make progress to the Sage Realm."

"…"

"Have faith in him," she calmly told him. "He is your son, after all."

-



Chapter 2182  Who



Had Rui known how to leave the fiery landscape he found himself in, he would have.

Yet, he didn't.

It was a rather odd phenomenon that he didn't quite understand.

Yet, from before he could remember, he found himself surrounded by flames in a world of infernos.

"Weird…" Rui muttered as he gazed at his own incinerating body.

He looked like a force of nature in human form, clad in white-hot flames.

Yet, it didn't hurt.

He burned, yet he couldn't feel even a bit of pain.

It was as though the flames embraced him.

"It suits you."

A familiar voice called out to him.

Rui's attention shifted to a figure a short distance away.

A woman set ablaze.

She gazed at him with reverence and devotion.

Yet, he didn't recognize her for some reason.

"Who are you?" He raised an eyebrow.

"…" She simply gazed at him silently for several beats. "I am hurt that you don't remember me. However…" n/ô/vel/b//jn dot c//om

A smile lit up on her burning face.

"…The fact that I am even here means that I have succeeded in my objective."

Rui frowned at her strange words. "Objective?"

She shook her head, refusing to elaborate. "Where the hell are we anyway?" Rui grumbled. "I've been in this world for as long as I can recall."

The burning woman smiled. "Do you not recognize this place? This place is Muspelheim. A realm of fire."

"Muspelheim…" Rui whispered. "Hm, that feels familiar, strangely enough."

"It should." The woman nodded. "After all, you were the one who created this realm."

Rui's head jerked back in confusion. "What?!"

She smiled with an expression of amusement. "Do you not recall? This is Muspelheim of the Yggdrasil System. Although…"

She smiled with an expression of amusement. "Do you not recall? This is Muspelheim of the Yggdrasil System. Although…"

Her gaze swept across the entire firescape. "…Perhaps you will reach this level of power when you ascend to becoming the Antithesis."

Rui frowned with confusion. "The what?"

"Mmm…" She regarded him with intrigue. "Perhaps you do not remember because this isn't real. Perhaps you do not remember because your mind is immersed in the dream that your soul created. But…"

Her expression grew more reverent. "But this is a world that you created with your magnificent power, O Lord Virodhabhasa."

Rui frowned with skepticism. "I think you have me confused with someone else."

"No."

Her voice was steely and unyielding as her burning eyes sharpened.

"You are the Antithesis, no matter what anyone says."

Rui frowned with uncertainty.

He felt like he knew who she was and what she was talking about.

It was at the tip of his tongue.

Yet, he didn't know.

"Who are you?" he asked as his gaze fixated on her.

"…it is not I who needs to answer that question. After all, I'm dead," she replied with a hint of melancholy. "If anyone needs to answer that question, Your Divinity, it would be you."

Rui tilted his head. "…Who am I?"

Suddenly, chills ran across his skin as he realized he didn't even know who he was.

He couldn't even recall his name.

"Wait, who am I?" He frowned.

"Well, that's the question, isn't it?" She smiled at him with reverence. " That's the question you need to answer in order to reach a higher Realm of power.

"…That sounds like a difficult path," Rui murmured. "I will help you traverse it," she promised with eyes filled with devotion. "Now go."

Rui tilted his head. "Go where?"

She closed her eyes. "It's time to wake up."

Suddenly, the fires began dousing as the fabric of reality cracked, consumed by an infinite void.

Rui's eyes flew open as he woke up with a jolt.

His breathing calmed down as his vision adjusted, growing less blurry.

He found himself staring at a white ceiling.

"Tsk…" He tutted with displeasure. "…What a shitty dream."

For some reason, he wasn't able to remember anything when inside his dream.

However, now that he was awake, he instantly remembered who the woman was. Her voice and appearance, he wouldn't fail to recognize her in any other circumstances.

He was deeply displeased that he dreamt of her, of all people.

He wished he had recognized her in the dream; he would have gladly taken up the duty of beating her up once more in the depths of his mind.

"Still… who am I, eh?" His eyes narrowed. "To think that old man was right."

He hadn't forgotten his conversation with the old Master, Master Gern.

He had advised Rui to fall asleep and think about the question, 'Who am I?' It allegedly helped one gain insights into oneself by priming the soul to form dreams surrounding the question, which could contain important clues on the topic.

In Rui's case, he had not fallen asleep to the question, no, but he did fall unconscious to it. Right before his second execution of Yin-Yang-Muspelheim knocked him out, he had gained insight into who he was and taken one more step in what was shaping up to be a long journey. Thus, it seemed to have fulfilled the conditions of the dream technique that Master Gern had told him about, allowing him to have a dream once more.

"Still, to think I dreamed about her…" he grumbled.

Unfortunately, he couldn't be surprised, even if he was displeased.

After all, she had become a source of trauma to him when he had been a Squire, so much so that his subconscious mind had suppressed his memories of her such that he hadn't thought about her for a very long time, forgetting to even resume the Beggar's Sect information blackout he had commissioned on her.

Yet, simultaneously, her influence had embedded itself in him very firmly.

He couldn't pretend that he didn't remember every detail of his encounters with her, especially when he even derived an entire technique from her: the Phantomind Void technique. One of the reasons that the technique was so powerful was because it was based on his traumatic memories of her, making the misdirection power of the technique that much more potent.

-



Chapter 2183: Unfolding Consequences

﻿

Even though she was dead, she had left a mark on him. One that would probably remain with him forever.

He got the feeling that that was her goal from the very start.

He couldn't know for sure, after all...

"...She's dead."

A maelstrom of emotion surged within him.

"Hahaha..." A weak laugh escaped him as he came to terms with this surreal turn of events.

He finally did it.

After eighteen long years, she was finally dead.

By his own hands, nonetheless.

It felt deeply rewarding to finally cut out that cancer of a threat from his life.

Yet, it also brought him more fear.

His eyes grew more grave while his body stiffened.

The severity of his current circumstances hit him like a train.

It didn't matter what their history was.

It didn't matter whether she deserved what she had gotten.

He killed an innocent evaluator in cold blood.

On top of that, he caused a lot of damage to the infrastructure of the Panamic Martial Federation. Normally, he would not have any civil liability for such an outcome, however...

"...I used a forbidden technique." Rui grimaced.

Forbidden techniques were prohibited in most training or sparring infrastructure in most Martial jurisprudence. The reason for this was precisely because of what had happened when Rui had used his forbidden technique.

Rui didn't really think of it as a forbidden technique. However, what he thought didn't matter. It was a technique that yielded an immense power at the cost of causing grave harm or even death to the user. That was the definition of a forbidden technique, and what he had done definitely fell into the category considering he had burned himself alive and lost an arm.

Instantly, his attention returned back to reality as he finally took stock of his own body and pored over it with great scrutiny.

He was garbed in a medical gown that covered his entire form. Several artifacts were attached to his body, measuring his vitals.

Thankfully, his body was back to normal.

His arms were just fine, having been restored to their original condition. His skin was fine too, although of a much darker tone. Perhaps it was due to the flames causing a change in the melanin content in his skin tissue upon recovery. Regardless, skin color was irrelevant. The only thing that Rui cared about was the impact on his physical performance.

He would be deeply displeased if his Martial Body grew weaker in any way due to an imperfect recovery.

His powerful senses swept across his entire body as he actively began examining it on a microscopic level, assessing the quality of the tissue of his skin and flesh.

He compared his right and left arms to see if there were any noticeable differences between both sides. That was a good way to ensure that he wouldn't miss any differences in the arm regeneration procedures that they had treated him with.

Thankfully, even the most thorough scans on his part revealed no significant differences in either side, suggesting that the medical team assigned to him had been more than competent.

"Thank god the Panamic Martial Federation has one of the best medical facilities in the world." Rui heaved a sigh of relief.

Of course, he would definitely go to the Divine Doctor for a consultation. That man was easily the best person to get medical treatment from.

"If I manage to get out of here, that is." Rui smiled bitterly.

He understood his circumstances well.

CLACK

The door opened as a doctor walked in, flashing him a friendly smile. "Master Rui, I rushed to see you the moment I was alerted of your awakening. I am Doctor Sheel, the head of Martial Recovery. I have personally been assigned to your case. Rest assured, you're in good hands." Rui managed to squeeze out a friendly smile for her. "Thank you, doctor."

"Not at all, Your Mastery." She smiled. "So how do yo-"

CLACK

She paused as the door opened violently.

Several Martial Masters clad in Martial attire walked in, led by a particularly powerful Martial Master at the front.

He was armed with an ostentatious sword by his side, giving off a sharp aura that threatened to cut anything it graced.

"Good day, Your Mastery," he curtly wished Rui as he approached him, much to the

displeasure of Doctor Sheel.

"Your Mastery," she bowed deeply, "verification of the recovery of patients takes priority according to the rules and regula-"

"I'm afraid the Martial court disagrees." He pulled out a paper stamped with the seal of the Panamic Martial Federation.

She heaved a sigh, clearly upset yet powerless to stop him.

Rui, on the other hand, turned grave, having read the entire paper from top to bottom.

It was the equivalent of an arrest warrant.

"Master Rui Quarrier Silas Kandria," the Master began with a forceful tone, "with the vested authority of the Martial Court of the Panamic Martial Federation, you are hereby under arrest for the crimes of first-degree murder, second-degree mass murder, destruction of property, the unauthorized use of a forbidden technique atop property of the Panamic Martial Federation..."

As he read out the list of the crimes that Rui had inadvertently committed, Rui couldn't feel some amount of guilt for the destruction that he had caused.

His thoughts flashed back to the absurd inferno that the fusion of the Yin-Yang Spear and the Muspelheim domain had created.

Never in his wildest dreams did he think that the idea would yield such a result in such a horrendous outcome with an explosion that only grew stronger and more powerful even after

Rui stopped supplying it energy.

However, he could make some educated guesses with his understanding of science in

hindsight.

Yet, even those educated guesses were truly extraordinary in their implications.

As much as he would have loved to fall into deep consideration about them, he didn't have

that leeway at the moment.

"...and thus, you shall be given a fair trial where you will be judged innocent or guilty by none other than High Judge Sage Kole Kellin."



Chapter 2184  Preparations



Rui needed to exert an immense amount of self-control to ensure that he didn't give away his intentions through his reactions. Thankfully, his Martial Mind was stronger than theirs; thus, they couldn't sense his intentions directly the way that he could theirs. In other words, he wasn't a liability to his own mission given to him by his father.

However, it didn't change the fact that he needed to comply.

"I'm willing to peacefully adhere to the legal protocol of the Panamic Martial Federation," Rui reassured. "I hope the Panamic Martial Federation will, however, grant me the grace of retrieving my clothes and belongings."

"Of course." The lead Martial Master nodded. "You shall be treated in a manner befitting an exalted Martial Master."

Rui fell into thought as he quickly prepared himself for what was to come.

In ordinary circumstances, he had plenty of reason to be extremely wary of his current predicament.

After all, the Panamic Martial Federation was quite certain that he was aware of the methodology behind the mass Apprentice breakthroughs. On top of that, as an organization that reflected the will and was not independent of the Martial World, he knew that the organization was experiencing a tremendous amount of pressure from its constituents to extract the secrets of the mass Apprentice breakthroughs from him. In other words, he needed to ensure that the pressure did not overwhelm his capacity to navigate the trial carefully.

Thankfully, Martial jurisprudence typically did not take as much time and was not as elaborate as normal human jurisprudence.

The reason for this was simple.

Martial Artists simply lacked the patience to deal with extensive legal protocols that were common in the non-Martial World.

This worked in his favor. n/ô/vel/b//jn dot c//om

After all, a prolonged legal procedure would cause the Kandrian Empire to lose stock of the extra Martial Apprentices that he had left behind to ensure that it could pretend new Martial Apprentices were being mass-produced even when he was not around.

"I'm ready," Rui remarked, having procured the things and having made the preparations that he needed to. "Good. We will escort you to the quarters that will serve as your house arrest premises," the lead Martial Masters strictly informed him. "Until your trial is complete and a verdict is delivered, you are prohibited from activating your Martial Heart and your Martial Mind. Any attempt to do so will be deemed as hostility and we will execute you on the spot, as we are authorized to do so."

Rui hated what he heard. However, he had no choice but to adhere to these regulations for now.

There was no chance of escaping the stronghold of the Panamic Martial Federation. He would get hunted so fast, it wouldn't even be funny.

However, in turn, he couldn't leave his mission either.

It would be one thing if he had simply rejected his father's request in the first place. However, now that he had accepted and given his father his word that he would complete it, he couldn't back out.

On top of that, the only way to get out of this problem was to ensure that the mission actually succeeded.

If the High Martial Judge decided to sentence him to imprisonment or a criminal Martial labor program, he was screwed.

He needed her to acquit him, or else he was screwed.

For that, he could only hope that she was as desperate to get her power back as he strongly suspected that she was.

The Martial Master guards escorted him through the Panamic Martial Federation to a highly secured housing unit that was heavily guarded by Martial Masters. One look at it and it didn't feel very welcoming, given how strict the security was.

"This will be your housing quarters, Master Rui," the head Martial Master informed him. "We will return when your trial is due. You may access all the resources you need for your hearing inside where a dedicated staff of assistants will aid with everything you need."

Rui nodded as they headed inside.

It wasn't long before he found himself inside the compound, perched inside his own designated house arrest room.

Much to his surprise, even the house arrest quarters were quite luxurious, with plenty of space and extravagant amenities. He felt like he was in a hotel on a vacation rather than house arrest.

"Perks of being a Martial Master, I suppose," he remarked. "However, I don't have time to indulge in all of this."

He needed to prepare for his trial that was tomorrow.

There wasn't much time for preparation. However, there wasn't too much to prepare for either. He just needed to make sure that he had identified the most optimal strategy that would maximize the probability of him getting out of there alive and, well, with Sage Kole Kellin journeying back home to the Kandrian Empire with him.

Upon arrival, he began planning.

From the very start, he knew that the lack of sophistication in Martial litigation would work against him because that meant there was less room for loopholes. The process was incredibly simple. He would be presented before the judge, who would have gone over the case files prior to the hearing and would proceed to ask him a bunch of questions. By the end of the session, she would come to a judgment and would sentence him to whatever she deemed fit.

In other words, it all came down to how well he could manipulate her.

Ordinarily, he would be quite pessimistic about his chances of success.

After all, Martial Sages were deeply insightful. He doubted she was any different; her senses did not need to be suppressed even if she had sealed off her Reams of power. In other words, it was highly unlikely that he would be able to deceive her as a Martial Master.

If not for his trump card, he was sure that he was doomed.

"But even with my trump card…" He narrowed his eyes. "I need to make sure that I execute my offer to her."

-



Chapter 2185  Commenced Trial



Rui spent all the time at his disposal chalking up a strategy to deal with Sage Kole. Thankfully, he knew everything he needed to know. He had memorized the details of her profile while still in the Kandrian Empire. Thus, he had pretty solid intelligence on what kind of person she was, or at least had been.

On top of that, he had been presented with the evidence that was part of his case.

The damage he had done was even greater than he expected.

He had inadvertently hurt a lot of people and killed several as a result of his attack going out of control.

He heaved a sigh, shaking his head with depressed eyes.

Had he had any inkling that his attack would go that much out of control, he wouldn't have gone for it. He truly had absolutely no prior idea that such a thing could even be possible.

However, it didn't matter if his intentions weren't malicious. At least, not against anybody other than Master Uma, who was the only person who got what they deserved. What mattered was whether he could convince Sage Kole of it. It didn't matter if it was the truth or if it was pretty hard to believe.

"I… should plead guilty." Nôv(el)B\\jnn

Martial Judiciary processes retained the pleading of the defendant before the judge. If he admitted he was guilty, he would get off with a lighter sentence than if he pleaded innocent but was found guilty.

In addition, he needed to make sure that Sage Kole had reason to trust him when he pulled out his trump card. If he acted like a despicable ingrate who was clearly willing to say whatever to get out of jail, then she would immediately dismiss his bribe as a lie fabricated on the spot to get her to acquit him.

As long as he could get her to believe that he was telling the truth, he could get her to acquit him with her desire to regain her Martial power.

He spent the rest of the day planning and modeling different likely scenarios that the trial hearing could go before planning the best response for all of them.

Eventually, the next day arrived, and with it the scheduled hearing.

Like clockwork, the Martial Master guards arrived at his housing quarters to pick him up an hour prior to the trial.

Rui was garbed in his usual Martial attire, presenting himself as a Martial Artist more than anything else.

He presented complete composure.

Yet, inside, he would be lying if he said he wasn't at least a little nervous.

It didn't matter how much he calculated the most likely questions and the most optimal strategy—nothing was perfect. Even if he was completely right, it was possible that even this highly optimized approach was nothing more than an inevitable failure.

He felt his nerves tingle as he arrived at the Martial Court.

He would much rather face a hurdle that involved Martial Art.

After all, he spent most of his time honing it. Rather than dealing with something that his Martial power couldn't affect, he would rather fight a hoard of Martial Masters with low odds of victory.

At least, he would be in his home court.

STEP

Soon enough, he arrived before the doors of the high Martial Court reserved for the sole use of High Judge Sage Kole.

His eyes grew more grave while his expression grew more severe.

He could feel it.

Even from the outside, he could feel it.

He could feel the nigh-boundless power hidden deep within the depths of her being. Sealed it might be, but the pressure that she exerted on him inadvertently showed that her power was still very much alive and well.

CLACK

The doors opened, giving Rui his first glimpse of what was inside.

Yet, despite the magnificence of the trial hall inside, it couldn't hold his attention for so much as a second.

No.

Instead, his attention remained fixed on a single person.

A single being.

There she sat upon her elevated seat, peering down at Rui with her unfathomable eyes. Her body quivered uncontrollably while her hands quaked, rendering them uncontrollable. Her legs could no longer function properly due to the excessive tremoring.

It was a miserable condition.

She looked a lot worse than he had expected.

And, as sorry as he felt for her, he couldn't help but be relieved by the state of her condition. It only increased the probability that she would be inclined to accept her offer.

"Master Rui Quarrier Silas Kandria."

Her voice drew his attention forcefully.

"Do not waste my time." Her powerful eyes pierced down at him. "Take your seat."

"Yes, Your Sagehood," he addressed her politely as he adhered to her words.

He felt a tremendous amount of pressure mounting on him. This was not something he could afford to mess up.

Her body language and demeanor indicated that this hearing was just another day at work. However, to Rui, it was everything. He knew it.

The realization put an immense amount of pressure on him. "Without further ado, let us begin." Her tone was firm and unyielding. "Tell me. Case AD51 is underway. Defendant Master Rui is charged with many crimes by the Panamic Martial Federation, including murder, mass murder, damage to property of the Federation, and unauthorized use of a forbidden technique. I shall begin by inquiring into each charge before formulating my judgment. By the end, I shall pass my judgment after confirming whether the defendant pleads guilty."

Rui narrowed his eyes as the session officiously began.

He was itching to communicate his offer to her non-verbally. However, timing mattered. In addition, he couldn't be too blatant with it. He needed to make sure that he had everything in place in order to make sure the impact of the offer would hit her as hard as possible. The worst possible outcome would be the complete dismissal of his offer as nonsense that wasn't even worth considering.

-



Chapter 2186  First Charge



"I shall begin with the most minor of violations before proceeding on to the most severe," she remarked, turning her gaze. "The investigative department asserts that you, Master Rui, employed a forbidden technique. The evidence submitted includes testimonies from all five of the randomly assigned Masters who conducted your evaluation. Each of them has confirmed the allegation that you employed a heat-oriented domain technique that grew extraordinarily more powerful later in your sparring battle with the late Master Uma."

She paused for a moment, going through another document. "I have a statement from your assigned doctor that also confirms that your lethal injuries were caused by heat as well, which merely confirms that the technique would have caused your death if not for the timely and highly effective medical treatment the Federation has graciously subjected you to, free of cost."

Rui wanted to scoff at the last part.

The only reason it was free of cost was that he would be of no use to them, dead or crippled.

However, he quickly suppressed that thought.

He didn't want to convey any contempt.

"In other words, you did use the technique according to all available witnesses, and it was enough to constitute a forbidden technique based on highly reliable medical and witness testimonies," she continued. "In addition, the Masters also confirmed that your activation of this technique was intentional and deliberate, including measured preparations to do so. Tell me, Master Quarrier…"

She steepled her quaking hands. "…Do you object to my evaluation of the provided evidence or the pieces of evidence?"

Her deep eyes laid immense pressure upon him, pinning him in place.

Rui's eyes grew more grave.

The words that he chose to say would make an irrevocable impact on her evaluation and impression of him.

"I object to the accusation of intentional activation of a forbidden technique, Your Sagehood." Rui's tone was solemn. "The truth is what I did employ was not a single technique but a fusion of two grade techniques that I developed myself. I got the idea to employ them together synergistically against my opponent in an attempt to adaptively evolve to her powerful and tricky defense. That is why the heat domain was initially well within the acceptable degrees but surged beyond even my control when the fusion of the two techniques proved to be far beyond even my greatest expectations and my ability to manage."

Her piercing gaze was deeply unnerving as it continued to bore into him without her so much as blinking.

"…You mean to say that it truly was all just an accident?" Her eyes remained fixed on him. "That you only meant to activate a powerful fusion of techniques?"

"Yes, Your Sagehood."

"Hm." She stirred. "That is consistent with the testimony that Sage Larra gave. One that I cannot reveal because it contains knowledge pertaining to the Sage Realm that Masters are not authorized to know. Although…"

She flashed him a glance of curiosity and intrigue. "Considering some of her testimony, I cannot help but conclude that you are qualified to know. Unfortunately, I am not able to share it at my own discretion."

Rui wasn't sure what to make of it. n/ô/vel/b//jn dot c//om

"I shall formulate my judgment after I hear about this alleged fusion of techniques," Sage Kole declared. "Do not lie to me. You may have a niche and potent Art and Path riddled with high principles, but I'm a Martial Sage. Remember that I have reached the second-highest echelon of Martial Arts."

Rui knew that he most likely couldn't get away with fooling her. Considering that he couldn't detect her mind like with other Martial Sages, it probably meant that she could detect his with her Sage-level senses.

"One technique is known as the Muspelheim domain, a domain that generates heat by compression of air within my body and within the domain as well as through friction and vibrations, while the other…" Rui continued, bracing himself. "The other is the Yin-Yang Spear technique…"

He continued explaining the technique even as the name alone sent visible shocks amongst the Martial Master guardians, although they couldn't show it on their faces. He could detect the shock in their minds through his mind sense.

Yet, Sage Kole maintained her composure the entire time, not so much as changing a shade.

"…And so the combination of the two techniques would result in an extraordinarily powerful outcome," Rui concluded. It was painful to reveal that he had managed to crack the Yin-Yang Shield technique. However, preventing her from catching him lying made his openness worth it. In addition, he could establish that he was operating in good faith, which would set the stage for his offer to her.

It was painful to reveal that he had managed to crack the Yin-Yang Shield technique. However, preventing her from catching him lying made his openness worth it. In addition, he could establish that he was operating in good faith, which would set the stage for his offer to her.

"Your explanations make sense," she remarked after giving it some thought. "Furthermore, my senses tell me that you aren't lying. Rest assured that the sensitive information that you have revealed here will remain hidden. This is part of the Martial Information Protection Act that the Panamic Martial Federation ratified in order to ensure that defendants and witnesses can offer testimonies without needing to fear the widespread leaks of sensitive information about their Martial Art."

Rui was aware of that. However, he had no faith that it wouldn't eventually get leaked. In fact, he was certain that it would eventually get leaked.

This was another reason to grow stronger by the time it happened so that he could handle the consequences of pissing off the Gen Temple in the future.

"Based on all available evidence, including your own testimony, on the charge of unauthorized use of a forbidden technique, I hereby judge you guilty of reckless endangerment," she concluded with a tone of finality. "Even if you were truly unaware of the outcomes of fusing two techniques, you still ultimately did it without any certainty of the outcome. Furthermore, considering that you were engaging in an evaluation sparring battle, there was simply no justifiable cause for your reckless endangerment in these benign circumstances."

Her gaze didn't sway away from Rui for a second.



Chapter 2187  True Purpose



Rui had already expected this. After all, there was no way he was going to get away with the unauthorized use of a forbidden technique. However, he was glad that she believed his testimony. That established the premise of trust that Rui could exploit at the right time.

That time was yet to come, however.

Sage Kole moved on to the other charges immediately after.

"Now that I have established that you are criminally liable for the unauthorized use of a forbidden technique, judging you on the basis of other crimes becomes a lot simpler," she continued. "The second charge is that of destruction of property."

She paused for a moment, glancing back at Rui. "I don't think a deliberation is even required. The fact of the matter is that your dangerous fusion of two techniques was the cause of the destruction of the sparring battlefield that you were assigned to. The evidence is, of course, overwhelming. Do you deny this?"

"No, Your Sagehood," Rui promptly replied.

There was no point in offering even the slightest bit of resistance on this particular matter.

"Then, I judge you guilty of the crime of destruction of property," she remarked with a mild hint of appreciation. "Onto the next charge—the deaths of several human employees of the Panamic Martial Federation. Do you deny that you are responsible for that?"

"No, Your Sagehood." Rui shook his head. "However, it certainly was not my intention as I have already established. Had I known that such an unfathomable outcome would unfold from my fusion of techniques, I would not have done it."

"Indeed, in that case, you are devoid of malice for these particular charges," she stated with a composed tone. "However, can the same be said for your last charge?" Nôv(el)B\\jnn

Rui narrowed his eyes. "According to the testimony of the five Martial Masters overseeing the evaluation, there is no doubt that you exhibited hostility, bloodlust, and aggression in your battle against Master Uma." Sage Kole Kellin peered right into Rui's eyes. "In other words, you are being charged with the murder of Master Uma. Your most serious charge of the five. So tell me, Master Rui, did you intentionally kill Master Uma?"

Rui closed his eyes.

"Yes."

Sage Kole stared at him for a moment. "That is rather honest of you. But why? Why did you seek to kill a random combat evaluator assigned to you in a sparring match? Do you have contempt for the Panamic Martial Federation? Was this an act of defiance?"

"No, Your Sagehood." Rui heaved a sigh, shaking his head. "It was not an act of defiance or contempt towards the Panamic Martial Federation."

"Then, did you truly grow furious at your inability to overcome her due to your ego, as is speculated by our investigation department?" Sage Kole continued probing him for the truth. "You don't strike me as a man with a large ego, Master Rui. So tell me, what is the truth? Why did you intentionally kill Master Uma?"

Rui winced, eventually relenting before narrating the truth.

"I knew her…"

Sage Kole simply stared at him.

"…from eighteen years ago," Rui continued. "I killed her out of a grudge and for revenge."

He narrated the story from beginning to end as Sage Kole patiently listened to his testimony.

It was a deeply unpleasant memory.

Not because the actual damage she had inflicted on him was high.

No.

But because she had been the straw on the camel's back.

The period of his life where he had escaped from her while returning to the Floating Ajanta Island was perhaps the worst period of his life. She had made him feel weak. Living in fear of the possibility of her finding him.

Things had taken a turn for the better only after he had broken through to the Senior Realm shortly after his battle with Ieyasu.

"…And then I made the decision to kill her on the spot then and there," Rui concluded.

Sage Kole stared at him for several moments, trying to evaluate how sincere he was about the story that he had just narrated.

It was not easy to believe.

However, considering that she did not dismiss him as a liar meant that she detected that he was telling the truth.

"So you insist that you killed her because of a grudge, revenge, and because she was a threat to you due to alleged religious fanaticism?" Sage Kole considered his words. "Unfortunately, even if all of this was granted to be true, it still does not change the gravity of your crime in the eyes of the law of the Panamic Martial Federation."

"I am aware, Your Sagehood."

Her gaze returned to Rui. "…and yet you still killed her despite knowing of the consequences of doing so?"

"Yes, Your Sagehood." Rui smiled bitterly. "I learned more about myself in that endeavor."

Sage Kole understood what he meant.

Yet, she shook her head. "I'm afraid that is not an excuse. Tell me, was the whole purpose of your visit to the Panamic Martial Federation because of your alleged grudge against Master Uma?"

"No, Your Sagehood," Rui replied with greater certainty. That was not the true purpose of my visit to the Panamic Martial Federation. Neither were the Panamic Martial Federation's resources nor its connections across the entirety of the Panama Continent. None of them were the true reason for my visit that led to all of this happening."

"…And what was the true purpose of your visit, then?" she asked, gazing at him with eyes of intrigue. "Surely it has something to do with the case. Otherwise, you wouldn't have brought it up."

He had been waiting for this moment, carefully manipulating her and the conversation until this point so that she would find herself asking him exactly what he wanted her to.

It needed to come from her.

If he had told her the reason for the visit without her prompt, she would have been less inclined to accept it.

Rui smiled. "The true purpose of my visit is you, Sage Kole."

-



Chapter 2188  Planned Offer



It was quite a romantic statement without context.

Of course, he didn't say it aloud.

That would be foolish.

Why would he announce his intentions to bribe the judge and poach her from the Panamic Martial Federation?

Instead, he used non-verbal communication. Normally, this was also susceptible to being intercepted by the various Martial Masters in the room positioned around himself and Sage Kole for her own safety since she was unable to use her power.

It didn't matter even if these Masters hadn't mastered the Fauna Flow technique. The Master Realm granted all of them deep enough insight to be able to recognize and understand subconscious non-verbal language when they saw it.

In other words, not even non-verbal communication could allow him to communicate with her without anybody noticing. Thus, he had known he would need another solution to speak with her privately. He probably could not ask to speak with her privately, and she didn't appear to be the type to grant him a private audience. After all, if she did that with all the Martial Masters she judged, they would undoubtedly try every measure in the book to get her to abstain from inflicting a harsh sentence on them.

Just the fact that someone would want to speak with her privately instead of openly was evidence that they were probably up to no good.

Thus, he had always known that he couldn't rely on the faint hope that she would give him a private meeting.

Which meant he needed to find a way to communicate with her without anybody else noticing. That was why he had spontaneously created a technique before the meeting could begin. One designed to solve just the very problem he knew he would encounter when trying to communicate with the Sage non-verbally in the presence of Martial Masters.

Silent Speech was what he named it.

The way that it functioned was rather simple, and it made use of the existing skills that he had mastered. He would create predictive and SOUL models on all of the Martial Master guards from the moment he met them and then use that to help with misdirecting their attention away from him.

This way, he could communicate non-verbally with Sage Kole without them noticing. It also meant that he was on the clock.

The guards surrounding him were not a problem. He had met them yesterday and had been escorted by them to and from his housing quarters.

However, the Master guards standing behind her were different; he began creating predictive and SOUL models on them the moment he laid eyes on them. He needed to balance the time he needed to create SOUL models on them while also ensuring that he didn't manipulate her into asking the question he required too early. This was the extent of Rui's planning and scheming.

All for the sake of this moment.

"The true purpose of my visit is you, Your Sagehood," he told her nonverbally. Her eyes widened, demonstrating emotion for the first time since he was with her, as she became cognizant of not just his self-professed purpose of speaking to her but also the misdirection that affected all of the Martial Masters in the room.

It was an extraordinary feat to be able to misdirect so many Martial Masters all at once without so much as an ounce of strain. She very quickly realized that the brimming mind her senses were able to detect within him preceded its reputation.

Rui grinned at the success of his plan of communicating with privacy. It was a good thing that he could finally speak to her one on one, without any problems.

Or so he thought.

RUMBLE…

Rui froze as a horrifying wave of power washed over him.

She glared at him as her eyes narrowed into slits.

"Did you think that you could get away with this little stunt, young man?" Her voice was reduced to a whisper.

He yearned to speak, yet the sheer amount of pressure she exerted on him pinned him where he stood, choking him. Rui had forgotten the simple fact that a crippled Martial Sage was still a Martial Sage.

As a lifeform, she existed in a Realm of power that existed far beyond him.

If not for the fact that she could not use her power with control, she would have long shattered the little misdirection that he struggled to maintain due to the sheer amount of pressure she aggressively exerted on his mind.

BADUMP! n/ô/vel/b//jn dot c//om

He activated his Martial Heart and Mind, gaining just a moment of reprieve.

A single opportunity.

"I can heal you…!" He gasped.

Suddenly, the flood of pressure choking him disappeared.

His words shook her to her core.

She stared at him with a shaken expression.

A single whisper escaped her.

"What… what did you say…?"

Rui caught his breath as he heaved a sigh of relief.

Any longer, and he would not have been able to maintain his misdirection for any longer.

"I came here to tell you that I can heal you," Rui explained patiently through non-verbal communication as he strengthened his misdirection with his Martial Mind. "Or, to be more precise, the Divine Doctor in my position can."

Her eyes widened with shock.

She knew that name, of course.

She had tried searching for him herself when she had been afflicted with her illness many years ago.

And had failed, of course. The Divine Doctor was notoriously hard to find. It had taken even Rui, of all people, several years to find him in the Beast Domain.

"…Are you truly in possession of the Divine Doctor?" She schooled her expression with skepticism.

Yet, she couldn't hide the faint glimmer of hope that began flickering deep within the depths of her otherwise unfathomable eyes.

She might as well have been transparent to Rui.

"How do you think the Emperor of Harmony recovered from the Eternal Dream Disease?" Rui nonchalantly asked, revealing a crucial state secret of the Kandrian Empire. "In comparison to that abominable curse of a disease, your condition is nothing to the Divine Doctor. He healed my father in literally half a day. I wonder how quickly he could heal you."

-



Chapter 2189  Unyielding Caveat\



His words were painful to her.

Painfully tempting.

She almost wanted to abandon her dignity as a Martial Sage and beg him to heal her. Yet, her discipline as a military woman held strong as she closed her eyes, regaining her composure.

"What do you want?" she asked.

She was not naive.

She understood how the world worked.

There was no such thing as a free lunch.

Rui smiled.

She had already taken his words to be the truth.

It was within his predictions.

Ordinarily, a more prudent person would have demanded proof for his claims. He had even secured some proof on his person if it came to that.

However, he had known that he probably didn't need it because of a simple fact.

She was desperate.

Desperate people could convince themselves of just about anything if their desperation was strong enough. It was fortunate for her that he was indeed being sincere, which she could sense.

"I want your loyalty," Rui remarked with an unyielding tone. "Or rather, the Emperor of Harmony wants your loyalty. Leave the Panamic Martial Federation, join the Kandrian Empire and the Kandrian Royal Army, and swear loyalty to the Kandrian throne. Do that, and you shall regain control over the massive power that lies sealed within the depths of your being."

She didn't look too surprised.

Considering the sheer magnitude of the boon that Rui came all the way here to offer her, there was nothing else that he would possibly demand of her.

Yet, strangely enough, she did not find the proposition unappealing.

As a Martial Sage, she was accustomed to serving those whom she swore loyalty to. She had done so for her native home her entire life until she was afflicted with a horrific disease that effectively rendered her a civilian.

In comparison to the miserable state she was in, serving the Kandrian Empire and the Emperor of Harmony was hardly a bad proposition. Ideally, she would have gotten to choose whom she swore her loyalty to. Someone that she deemed to be truly worthy of her undying loyalty.

In comparison to the miserable state she was in, serving the Kandrian Empire and the Emperor of Harmony was hardly a bad proposition. Ideally, she would have gotten to choose whom she swore her loyalty to. Someone that she deemed to be truly worthy of her undying loyalty.

But alas, beggars couldn't be choosers.

However, even considering that, she probably couldn't have been confronted with a better option.

If there was any ruler that was worthy of anybody's loyalty, it would be the Emperor of Harmony. He was widely regarded as the greatest ruler in modern history in the Age of Martial Art, raising a Sage-level powerhouse with the sheer caliber of his rule.

Even if he wasn't, the fact that she was able to regain her power was in and of itself far too juicy an offering to refuse.

"I accept your offer, Master Rui," she replied with a tone of finality. Nôv(el)B\\jnn

Rui heaved a sigh of relief. "Good to hea—"

"But," she cut him off, "I cannot break my oath as the High Judge of the eastern headquarters of the Panamic Martial Federation."

Rui's eyes widened as he understood what she meant.

"You will face the full weight of the consequences of your actions," she told him with hard conviction. "If that is something that you are unable to accept, then I'm afraid we do not have an agreement. However, you will face the penalty that you deserve for your egregious violations of the law of the Panamic Martial Federation."

His eyes narrowed with severity.

He did not expect her to be so staunchly principled, to the point of potentially throwing away a once-in-a-lifetime opportunity. However, he could see from the pain in her voice that she truly would be hurt if she was unable to gain her heart's desire.

He didn't even bother trying to convince her. He could see that she was unwilling to budge.

Perhaps this was why his father sought her loyalty. Once he obtained it, he was extremely certain that he would never lose it.

"Your staunch principles have exceeded my expectations, Your Sagehood." Rui heaved a sigh. "Oh well, I accept that caveat. I will take what is to come."

He didn't want to bother fretting about something that he couldn't control. However, he was deeply displeased by this turn of events.

He was sure that whatever sentence he would be given would be brutal and would be used as blackmail to extract the solution for mass Martial Apprentice breakthroughs from him as a result. Of course, he had no intention of giving in. Which meant that there was no way that he could do anything about the sentence.

Regardless, he saved these matters for after he got the sentence. He just hoped he got sentenced to something like Martial labor rather than just imprisonment.

He would definitely break out of prison and become a rogue if he got imprisoned instead of letting his potential rot.

"…You have my gratitude." She smiled for the first time since he met her. "Do we have an agreement?"

"Yes, we do," Rui replied with a glum expression.

"Very well then." She tried to hide the flood of joy that filled her numb and cold heart. "Undo the misdirection and cease this non-verbal communication."

Rui deactivated his Realms of power before undoing the misdirection he had put on the other Martial Masters.

Soon enough of everything returned to normal.

"Master Rui Quarrier Silas Kandria," she began, "I have gone through all the indictments filed by the law enforcement department, as well as the evidence submitted by the investigative department, and, of course, your testimony. You have pleaded guilty to all four indictments, and, thus, I judge you guilty of first-degree murder, mass manslaughter, destruction of property, and unauthorized use of a forbidden technique. I have come to a decision in regard to your sentence."

She paused for a moment, inhaling deeply.

The air boiled tumultuously.

Rui held his breath as he waited for her decision.

"Master Rui Quarrier Silas Kandria, I hereby sentence you to exile from the Panamic Martial Federation," she declared. "From this day forth, you are banished from the Panamic Martial Federation. You may never set foot on territory owned by the Federation or make use of its resources. You may not engage in Martial trade with our constituents of which you aren't already a part of. You will be liable for violation of laws but will not be protected from them and will no longer be able to impact them while required to adhere to them." -



