Chapter 1811  Arrived



Word of Prince Raijun's champion spread through the upper echelons of the Kandrian Empire.

It shook them.

"Sir Armstrong has decided to act as Prince Raijun's champion?!"

"How long has it been since he's done that?"

"Centuries. We will gain the honor of witnessing the might of the man who led Kandria to glory in conquest in its first century before the advent of the Emperor of Harmony."

"Who do you think will win?"

"I have my money on the Final Prince. He's the most prodigious Senior in history!"

"I bid one million gold coins on the Gatekeeper. He's older than the Kandrian Empire! You can't beat that kind of experience with talent."

Many of the laymen were limited to surface-level analysis. They possessed neither the understanding nor expertise to make informed guesses on the outcome of the battle. Yet, the rich gambling sector, both legal and illegal, revved into action, capitalizing on the opportunity. Yet, while the public could only gamble, the Martial Union possessed much greater insight into the battle.

An emergency meeting had been called in the Martial Union, once more dragging many Martial Masters to consider the latest battle that the Void Prince had gotten himself into.

"This is untenable!" One Martial Master roared. "Sir Armstrong is one of the very strongest of the strongest Martial Seniors in existence! The Final Prince was last recorded to be grade-thirteen before consuming the Roaring Dragon Blood Potion around two years ago; how could he possibly think to fight the Gatekeeper and emerge victorious?!"

"Do not hold the Void Prince to the standards of growth of other Martial Seniors," One Martial Master growled. "He reached the high grades in just seven years. Considering this growth rate, he is undoubtedly far higher than merely grade thirteen in the two years since his last confirmed grade!"

"On top of that, it is a well-documented fact that His Highness grows stronger the more he prepares for his opponent," Another Martial Master remarked.

"That only applies to actually witnessing him in combat!" Another rebutted. "Simply providing him a profile does not get the job done."

"It's still better than nothing," he countered. "His Martial Path is Adaptive Evolution! If you think he cannot make progress with the rich information that the Martial Union has, then you're sorely mistaken!"

"Even if he can, this is Sir Armstrong we are speaking about!" Another Martial Master glared at them. "This is a man who cannot be defeated without the power of the Upper Realms! If all of us sealed our Martial Minds and attacked him simultaneously, I am not entirely confident we would be able to down him!"

"It is true that the Gatekeeper has amassed immense power, but it is also true that his Martial Art is not particularly potent. The reason for his strength is the continuous progress made over five hundred years of relentless training and combat. In the Void Prince's case, it's the opposite. His accumulation is paltry, given that he is only thirty-two years old. It is his Martial Art that is extraordinarily potent, more potent than anything else I have ever seen!"

"The only question is whether it is enough to overcome the sheer accumulation that the Gatekeeper has engaged in?"

"…"

The question paused the momentum of the discussion as each Martial Master earnestly considered the question.

"Frankly…none of the old data is really relevant to predicting either of these two Martial Artists," one Martial Master heaved a sigh. "It has been a long time since the Gatekeeper has gone all out against one of us, largely because none of us are able to force his very best without our Martial Minds. And while we have relatively recent battle data of the Void Prince from two years ago, he grows so fast that it is probably already irrelevant."

"…Well, the Void Prince has indicated that he will not be withdrawing in any form whatsoever," another Martial Master heaved a sigh. "Let's just hope he can win."

While the Martial Union deliberated on the decision that Rui had made, another group had also been shaken by his decision.

"I demand to speak to His Highness!" One man garbed in business attire strongly insisted.

"He is answerable to us, his stakeholders, for actions that cause damage to his campaign," Another woman remarked. "We did not invest in him for him to take such a gamble and squander all our investments."

"What does His Highness intend to do if he loses?!"

The patrons, benefactors, and allies of the Rui Faction were riled up by the seemingly irresponsible actions of the Void Prince.

"Distinguished members of the Rui Faction, I have a message from the Final Prince himself," Mikhaila, his chief of staff, calmly addressed them. "He says that he will see to it that none of you are affected by the consequences of this battle. Yet, he also hopes that each of you has confidence in His Highness and will be ready to celebrate when he wins."

She closed her eyes. "And win he intends to. That is why he is not here. He has instructed me not to disturb him with anything while he prepares for the battle to ensure that he is at his absolute best when the battle arrives." Thê sourc𝗲 of this conte/nt n/o/v/(𝒆l)bi((n))

This assuaged the concerns of the stakeholders to a certain extent.

"…I shall hold His Highness accountable should he fail to overcome this challenge."

"I hope that His Highness will adhere to those words in the event that he loses."

"I look forward to His Highness' victory."

While many people had many different thoughts and reactions, none of it changed what was to unfold. The Martial duel would unfold, and the future of the Kandrian Empire would be decided.

Many people with great power, authority, and influence managed to procure permission to dispatch one of their Martial Seniors, or even Masters, to bear witness to the historic battle that would unfold in the depths of North Kandria. Soon enough, the day of the battle had arrived.



Chapter 1812  Necessary



In the depths of a meditation chamber within the Martial Union sat a man.

Rui Quarrier Kandria had isolated himself from everybody and everyone.

He had isolated himself from the world.

Isolated, he did but one thing.

He dedicated himself to but a single task.

A single act.

He honed himself.

He honed his being.

He honed his mind.

He gathered his attention, sharpening it to a point. His mind converged in all but a single direction.

He refined his thought, ridding it of impurities.

Ridding it of all superfluous thoughts

His faction. The challenge of finding the Divine Doctor. The timeline of his father's prolonged lifespan.

In time, he had filtered these away from his mind. It, usually flooded with waves of thoughts, had grown almost silent.

Only a few things were allowed to remain.

Battle.

The Gatekeeper.

And, of course, victory.

Nothing else was allowed to remain.

Two weeks of deep mental conditioning had changed his vibes and aura. It had grown prickly.

Sharp.

Rui had seen fit to enter what was commonly referred to as 'the zone.' A state of absolute focus, concentration, and immersion in a single act.

A single direction.

It was not a state that one entered spontaneously.

No.

It was a state that was cultivated. "It's been a while…" A single whisper escaped his mouth.

He glanced at his hands softly.

A surge of power erupted from deep within him, clasping his hands shut into fists.

BOOM

The atmosphere rippled, quivering under the force of the gesture.

CLACK

The door opened to the chamber.

"Rui."

Master Ceeran gently addressed him.

"…"

"It's time," Master Ceeran lightly remarked. "We have made all the preparations."

Rui opened his eyes lightly.

They were as sharp as the edge of a blade.

"We prepared an apt Martial attire for you, custom-tailored to your body by the micrometer, and able to seamlessly accommodate your Metabody System without getting in the way," Master Ceeran waved his hand as two assistants presented the attire to him.

Rui didn't so much as glance at it, simply spreading his arms after getting up slowly. The assistants immediately switched his clothes, dressing him up swiftly.

"Let us go," Ceeran remarked as he gestured outside.

Rui simply walked ahead wordlessly, uncaring to acknowledge the world around him all that much. As he strode forward with an effortless gait, the many Martial Masters around him did not so much as utter a sound.

Inane comments of good luck and other well-wishing were not worth it. They weren't worth disrupting the state that he was in.

A single look in the depths of his pitch-black eyes had made a single truth evident.

At that moment, Rui Quarrier was the strongest he had ever been in his entire life.

What followed may as well have been a blur to Rui. The world had not earned his attention; it had not earned the importance of being committed to his memory.

"We have arrived, Your Highness."

He briefly stirred at those words. Before he knew it, he was at the battleground. He stepped outside, spotting an enormous wall of light extending into the sky. This was caused by a special luminous esoteric substance to mark the borders of the battle arena with a radius of about thirty kilometers.

While throwing one's opponent out was not victory, it served as a visual indication to both warriors not to stray away any further.

When they arrived at the wall of light, the other Masters had paused while Rui walked through it, heading to the center of the battlefield.

They heaved a sigh as concern began wringing in their hearts. "What do you think…?" Master Ceeran heaved a sigh.

"…Well, he's undoubtedly at the very pinnacle of his combat potential," Master Zentra remarked. "That certainly increases his probability of victory, however…"

"…It remains unclear if that is enough to overcome the might of Sir Armstrong," Headmaster Aronian heaved a deep sigh.

"…" Master Vericita simply stared at Rui's figure with worry in her eyes. "…I just hope he comes out safe."

Unbeknownst to them, another martial master stood beside them, listening to this conversation as she beheld Rui entering the combat arena.

The Silent Shadow grinned as she gobbled up a large tub of popcorn with palpable excitement. The only thing she needed to do was keep her distance from the Truthseeker of the Martial Union, who was unfortunately present and even serving as one of the invigilators of the battle.

Thankfully, the great distance between them and the fact that she was focused on invigilating a battle with all her attention meant that Master Reina was safe unless she tried to do something particularly risky, like entering the battlefield.

She was grateful that there were no Martial Sages on the battlefield.

Minutes passed as spectating Martial Artists had gathered around the battlefield upon the arrival of one of the contestants.

Soon enough, the second contestant had arrived, earning the attention of all the spectators.

CLACK

The door of the especially enormous carriage opened, and out emerged an enormous behemoth that one could scarcely consider human. The Martial Artists that beheld the gargantuan man stiffened. Thê sourc𝗲 of this conte/nt n/o/v/(𝒆l)bi((n))

Their vision…their senses, they could perceive one and only one thing radiating from the man.

Power.

RUMBLE

The very lands around them tremored as the Gatekeeper surged forth.

"Sir Armstrong," Master Zentra calmly addressed the gargantuan man. "It has been a while."

The eyes of the Gatekeeper fell on the man. "Zentra."

His voice was as deep as the ocean. "You've grown stronger."

Its depths struck the heart.

"You've trodden the path of control far deeper than I had imagined possible."

Master Zentra closed his eyes, bowing his head lightly. "I would not have been able to if not for you, Sir Armstrong. You taught me your secrets, allowing me to become who I am today."

"I merely pointed to a mountain. It is you who has climbed it. Do not prostrate yourself before a meager Martial Senior like myself, Zentra, it is unbecoming of you and undeserving for me," he regarded the man. "Yet you're not the only one who has grown."

His eyes shifted across all the Martial Artists that beheld him. "Your growth…" A remark escaped his mouth. "…All your growth pleases me."

Approval radiated from his voice.

"It warms the depth of my heart to know that Martial Art has not stagnated in the centuries since I ceased leading it."

Master Zentra narrowed his eyes. "Sir Armstrong."

The man's eyes returned to him. "I have a request…" Master Zentra continued. "I would be deeply honored and indebted if you could humor i-"

"-Your desire is transparent," The Gatekeeper's powerful voice cut through Master Zentra's words. "You desire my forfeit, do you not?"

"…Yes, sir."

"I am afraid I cannot humor that request, my former pupil," his voice radiated sincerity and regret. "For my victory is necessary."

RUMBLE

He surged forth, entering the battlefield. "It is necessary for the future of Martial Art."



Chapter 1813 All Hell Broke Loose

﻿﻿Rui stood at the center of the battlefield.

His eyes were closed.

Before him were the five Martial Masters assigned to invigilate the battle.

They awaited the Gatekeeper.

They awaited his arrival.

VMMMM…

The land around them quivered ever so slightly.

Rui opened his eyes.

His instincts tingled.

A profound power radiated from some distance behind him.

It was different from the power of higher Realms.

It was less muted.

It lacked the sophistication of a Martial Mind that obscured the depth of its power. The Martial Mind deeply empowered one's combat prowess, yet its depth was not nearly as easy to comprehend or become aware of.

It did not inspire as much raw fear.

After all, one could not fear what one was unaware of.

This was different.

Every human and every beast, every creature, every lifeform, sentient or otherwise, understood.

They all understood the power of physicality.

They understood the power of size.

They understood the power of weight.

Darwinian evolution had long baked many psychogenetic danger evaluation systems in the brain that were all centered around physicality.

It begged the question.

How much fear would a Martial Artist, who could shake heaven and earth with each step, inspire?

RUMBLE

Rui was about to find out.

"I have arrived."

The depth of the Gatekeeper's voice stirred the hearts of those it graced.

Rui turned, beholding the behemoth of a man standing before him.

The very air boiled.

It boiled under the pressure of physicality.

It crackled under the weight of mind.

Peril, hardly bound by the Senior Realm, radiated from the duo collectively.

"Hooo…" A murmur escaped the Gatekeeper as he beheld Rui's eyes.

He beheld the endless void that stirred in the depth of Rui's pitch-black eyes.

A single word escaped his mouth.

"Magnificent."

A profound intensity entered Sir Armstrong's eyes.

"Forsooth, you are worthy."

RUMBLE

The very lands shook.

They shook under the weight of the Gatekeeper's emotion.

"I seek no further delay."

THUD

A single step from the gargantuan mountain of a man caused a seismic shockwave to radiate through the lands beneath them. He tucked his right fist to his side as it coiled with power.Thê sourc𝗲 of this conte/nt n/o/v/(𝒆l)bi((n))

RUMBLE

An unimaginable amount of power.

His left poised before him, serving as a guard. His legs were partially divided, with an equal amount of weight divided between them.

A tsunami of horrifying peril radiated from him.

It engulfed Rui, the invigilators, and the spectators.

It engulfed the very world.

It engulfed the very world in its unfathomable depth.

It threatened to crush Rui. It threatened to consume him whole. It threatened to deliver him death.

Yet, a single question escaped his mouth.

"Why do you fight?"

Rui gazed at the Gatekeeper with a tranquil serenity.

The Gatekeeper narrowed his eyes.

"You have denied serving as a champion ever since you stepped down from the forefront of Kandria," Rui continued. "Why do you fight now? What is about this duel that it managed to earn you as a champion?"

Rui closed his eyes. "I am unable to imagine that Raijun earned your approval or your respect. I am unable to imagine that any offer or threat he could have made would have moved your heart."

He opened his eyes.

They bored into the Gatekeeper's.

The endless darkness within them stirred.

"…If not Raijun, then there can be one and only one reason."

His eyes narrowed. "Me."

The Gatekeeper stared at him in silence.

"Why do you fight?"

Sir Armstrong closed his eyes, heaving a soft sigh.

He opened them.

"I mourned at the revelation of your princehood."

Rui sharpened his eyes at those words.

"I mourned that Rael had chosen to unveil your royal bloodship."

The depth of his voice conveyed sorrow and regret.

"I feared that you would become seduced by the power of the throne."

His eyes bored deep into Rui's. "I feared that you would cast aside the path that you would have trodden had it not happened. And when you declared your campaign for the throne, my fears were realized. But…"

He clenched his fist harder. "…I have been given an opportunity to prevent catastrophe."

The depth in Rui's eyes intensified. "Catastrophe?"

"Catastrophe," the Gatekeeper affirmed. "I realized how much of a miracle of a Martial Artist you are after I successfully integrated your Hungry Pain technique into the configuration of my Martial Body."

Rui's eyes widened with shock. "…What?"

A small smile emerged on the Gatepeer's face. "It wasn't easy, but I have successfully harnessed its power in a manner akin to Martial Bodies born with its power embedded into it."

He closed his eyes. "You have my gratitude, Rui Quarrier Kandria, for elevating my Martial Body to a higher echelon of power. I will express my gratitude to you by defeating you in this duel."

He opened his eyes.

They flared with power.

They bore into Rui's eyes.

"I cannot allow the catastrophe of your ascension to the throne to unfold."

His voice grew stronger.

"As I behold you, I am even more convinced of this truth."

He narrowed his eyes.

"The Age of Martial Art needs you, Rui Quarrier Kandria."

RUMBLE!

The very lands around them shook.

"It needs you too much. Too much to allow you to squander your Martial Path atop the throne."

His body brimmed with energy. His muscles quivered with power. His stance radiated peril.

"Now then," He growled. "Are you done stalling?"

A smirk emerged on Rui's face. "Was it that obvious?"

"Transparent," the Gatekeeper narrowed his eyes. "Allowing it is a token of my gratitude for your contribution to the power that you will personally experie-"

He froze as a maelstrom of peril erupted from Rui.

His eyes sharpened as he beheld Rui's.

He saw but one thing.

An endless darkness.

A void.

One that sought to consume the entire world.

STEP

Rui took his stance. Two fists were poised before him while his legs were centered, lightly bobbing.

"I'm ready."

The Gatekeeper closed his eyes.

"So be it."

That was the signal.

"Begin!" The invigilators commenced the battle.

BOOM!!!!!

All hell broke loose.



Chapter 1814  Destruction



"Begin!"

BADUMP

Their Martial Hearts flickered into power the moment the battle commenced. And that was when Rui saw the Sun.

The Gatekeeper's Martial Heart shined a brilliant, blinding white light that was more than an order of magnitude more powerful than any other Martial Heart Rui had ever seen in his entire life. Yet he was unable to admire it.

Not even the briefest moment passed before the Gatekeeper leaped at Rui with an astronomical speed. He had already arrived in just a matter of microseconds. His fists converged on Rui, threatening to crush him with a single blow. It was within Rui's prediction.

WHOOSH!

He managed to evade it.

Yet the same could not be said for the very world around him.

BOOM!!!!!!!

Heaven and earth roared as a wave of destruction emerged from the attack. A devastating shockwave the likes of which Rui had never seen erupted from the collision. It spread, expanding as it engulfed everything.

The sheer concussive force of the shockwave shattered the foundations of the bedrock it touched as it spread from the epicenter. It spread through the battlefield and the skies for several kilometers, ravaging everything it engulfed.

STEP

Rui landed away.

He was frozen.

Frozen in shock as he beheld the destruction that the Gatekeeper unleashed upon the very world itself.

The battlefield had been ravaged. Where Rui once stood was the epicenter of a crater that spanned kilometers in radius. A profoundly deep scar had been inflicted upon the very world that bore their battle.

The attack hadn't struck him physically, but it sure did strike him mentally.

The destruction he beheld was in the same tier of power as the quasi-Master-level bomb that Chairman Deacon had surgically implanted into his body.

A single whisper escaped Rui.

"What is this…?" RUMBLE

The lands quivered as the Gatekeeper emerged from the crater. "This is power that I have cultivated over five centuries," the Gatekeeper solemnly remarked. "That was the first attack…"

The man narrowed his eyes. "A hundred thousand more to go."

At that moment, Rui felt a chill crawl up his spine. He felt something he hadn't felt in battle in a long time.

Fear.

"Here I come!" The Gatekeeper roared.

Despite the weight of his gargantuan body, his speed was extraordinary, exceeding even that of Fulminata Kane.

A titanic lateral swing was hurled at Rui's side.

WHOOSH!

Only to miss as Rui crouched, cleanly avoiding the blow.

WHOOOOOOSH!!!!

The sheer winds the attack generated from the enormous power of the swing caused shifts in pressure in the atmosphere across the northernmost peak of Kandria, altering the entirety of the weather spanning the expansive region.

Yet, the Gatekeeper was far from done.

He hurled a barrage of powerful blows at Rui, each with the power to crumple his body into an indistinguishable slab of meat.

None of them connected.

WHOOSH WHOOSH WHOOSH!

Rui evaded every single one of them, even if narrowly. The man surged forth, launching a devastating barrage of powerful, heavy blows.

WHOOSH WHOOSH WHOOSH!

Rui's eyes sharpened with intensity as his concentration and focus heightened even more, reaching unprecedented levels. He could not afford to make even a single mistake. There was a zero tolerable margin of error, for even a single error would undoubtedly get him killed. The Gatekeeper possessed more raw power than Rui could even begin to comprehend. There was no question of trying to defend against the Gatekeeper's attacks. The man was so titanically powerful that he would shatter any and all defenses that Rui could possibly muster.

FLICK

His eyes widened as a small cut emerged on his face, evading a blow. It was not the attack that cut him.

No.

It was the sheer air pressure around the attack generated by its power that had managed to break his skin.

Rui gritted his teeth as the Gatekeeper appeared before Rui once more.

BOOM!!!!!

An enormous sphere of destruction emerged as his attack barely missed Rui once, punishing the world instead.

Rui had barely landed on his feat when the Gatekeeper had already arrived, thrusting forth yet another devastatingly powerful blow.

BOOOM!!!!!

Rui narrowed his eyes with a grave expression, successfully managing to evade the attack, yet the Gatekeeper had already arrived before him once more.

WHOOSH

BOOOOOM!!!!!!!

The first, and perhaps even the last, phase of the battle had taken shape. A single truth had become evident to every single person who bore witness to the battle.

Rui Quarrier Kandria was weaker than the Gatekeeper.

That was not a single doubt in anybody's mind regarding this matter. As far as any physical parameter went, the Gatekeeper was absurdly stronger. Thus far, Rui had been pushing himself to desperately avoid the destruction of the Gatekeeper's offensive power.

WHOOSH!

BOOOOOM!!!!!

Rui gritted his teeth; if not for the predictive model that he had created from the Angel of Laplace moments before the battle began, the battle would have long been over. The Gatekeeper possessed speed and power that greatly exceeded that of Rui's.

WHOOSH Thê sourc𝗲 of this conte/nt n/o/v/(𝒆l)bi((n))

He leaped away moments before destruction ensued.

BOOM!!!!!!!!

Each attack inspired a primal terror within him. The power that the man exerted was horrifying, causing Rui to overreact and over-evade. Yet…

BOOOM!!!!!

BOOOM!!!!!

BOOOM!!!!!

With each passing blow, Rui became increasingly comfortable and familiar with evading them. His nerves eased, attack by attack, as his movements grew more efficient. They grew more relaxed.

WHOOSH WHOOSH WHOOSH!

Rui shifted millimeters to avoid the ensuing blows. The Gatekeeper narrowed his eyes at the sight, exerting himself as his attacks quickened.

WHOOSH!

Rui spun, evading a powerful blow, surging towards the Gatekeeper.

BAM!

A charged Flowing Canon kick crashed into the man's jaw.

The Martial Artists beholding the battle stirred as a significant event had finally unfolded.

Rui Quarrier Kandria had landed his first attack.

"Not bad," The Gatekeeper remarked.

"Liar," Rui gritted his teeth.

The Flowing Canon was Rui's most powerful attack. Unlike his Transverse Resonance, which was only empowered by his lungs, the Flowing Canon was empowered by every single muscle group in the body, including his augmented lungs. The full might of Outer Convergence, Fire Breathing, Adamant Reforging, and Reverberating Lance had been funneled into the Flowing Canon.

It hadn't so much as budged the Gatekeeper's face by a millimeter.



Chapter 1815  Heated Conflict



WHOOSH!

BOOOM!!!!!

Even as Rui leaped away from the attack, the man had already surged forth at extraordinary speeds. His gargantuan body had appeared before Rui in a fraction of a millisecond, his attack already hurtling at Rui.

Yet, it was within Rui's prediction.

WHOOSH!

BOOOOOM!!!!!

He had already dodged it before it had reached him, leaping away…

WHOOSH!!

…only to find that the Gatekeeper's speed had already closed the distance between them.

BOOOOOOM!!!!!!

A hint of frustration appeared on the Gatekeeper's face as Rui had somehow evaded his attack once more.

That wasn't all.

BAM!!

He had somehow landed a blow on the gargantuan's jaw quicker than he realized.

His hand shot forward like a bullet, reaching to grab Rui's fist, hoping to turn it into a grappling battle where he would undoubtedly have won.

WHOOSH!

An empty image was all he managed to clasp.

His eyes narrowed.

It was a feint.

POW POW POW!

A swift barrage of blows struck the man's jaw in vain before he could react. His eyes intensified as his arms hurled forward at blinding speeds, hoping to crush Rui before he could retreat.

WHOOSH!

He was already gone, having foreseen the attacks long before they came.

It was almost incomprehensible.

Sir Armstrong knew that he was far faster and stronger than his opponent. Yet, for some reason, he was unable to so much as even touch Rui.

WHOOSH

In a single flash, he had arrived before Rui at blinding speeds, hurling his powerful palms at Rui.

WHOOSH!

The attacks were so fast that the friction ignited the atmosphere, causing a conflagration that engulfed the entire battlefield.

Yet the attack never so much as touched Rui.

He had evaded them long before they had arrived, having timed his evasions in the short time period before the attack began and after it was too late to change them.

WHOOSH WHOOSH WHOOSH!

Rui leaped away, putting some distance between them as he awaited the Gatekeeper's usual follow-up.

Yet, it didn't come.

"I see," the man's deep voice reached him. "So, this is the power of thought."

Rui narrowed his eyes at those words.

THUD

THUD

THUD

The man slowly emerged from the dust cloud, regarding Rui with respect. "I have never beheld a Martial Senior whose mind exceeds their physicality."

THUD

"I have never beheld a Martial Senior to have harnessed thought to such an extent."

THUD

"I have never beheld anything quite like you."

Sincere respect radiated from the depths of his voice. He closed his eyes. "…In return for your magnificent display of mastery of thought, allow me to demonstrate mastery of physicality."

His eyes opened as he took a sprinter's stance.

"Behold."

His voice grew grave.

"Behold my mastery of physicality."

The air boiled.

It grew tumultuous.

A profound peril erupted from the man.

Shivers crawled down Rui's skin at what ensued.

The shining, blinding white lines of his Martial Heart streaking across his entire body changed. The blood vessels streaking across his torso and back dimmed, regressing to a bright red, while the lines that streaked across his legs grew even brighter and blinding than they already were.

Raw terror gripped Rui's heart as he understood what was happening.

He had gained a level of mastery over the Martial Heart that Rui didn't even know was possible!

He could freely allocate the resources of the Martial Heart to any part of the body however he wanted.

To him, the Martial Heart was not just a passive resource that empowered the body as a whole.

No.

It was a resource that he could distribute in any manner he saw fit to.

The man's eyes bore into Rui's, flaring with a bright red light as he increased the supply of metabolic power to them, increasing the quality of his vision to track Rui better.

A single remark escaped his mouth.

"Here I come," His inhumanly deep voice grew perilous. "Do your best to survive."

WHOOSH! V/\IssịT n0(v)eL/b(i)(n).𝘤𝑜/𝓂 for the b/est novel reading experi/en/ce

Rui's widened his eyes, dodging, as the man arrived before him faster than he could see.

BOOOM!!!!!!

CRACK CRACK CRACK…!

"AAARRGHH!" Rui grimaced in pain, gritting his teeth as his eyes peered into the Gatekeeper's.

His arm had gotten caught in the attack even as he evaded, instantly fracturing in eighteen different places. Just as the Gatekeeper swung another attack, reality itself warped.

'Temporal Disharmony.'

The man froze in shock as the flow of time of the very universe sped up immensely! Rui gritted his teeth, healing his arm with Weaving Blood, forced to employ the Hypnomatrix against his will. The man had heightened his speed to an even greater degree by allocating even greater resources of the Martial Hearts to his legs. He had reached speeds that Kane would only be able to reach once and once with the original Godspeed technique that focused all the speed in a single bullrush.

Unlike Kane, however, the Gatekeeper appeared to be able to spam such speeds over and over!

"Did you think something of this caliber would be enough to stop me?" Chills crawled up Rui's spine. His senses and instincts heightened as the man launched himself at Rui at titanic speeds once more.

Yet this time, he was only half as fast as before.

WHOOSH!

BOOM!!!

Rui evaded the attack cleanly, leaping away as eyes narrowed. He hadn't failed to notice that the man's destructive power had reduced significantly ever since he had redirected the power of the Martial Heart to his legs to increase the speed of his bullrushes.

WHOOSH!

The man launched himself at Rui once more, unrelenting in his onslaught. Rui had predicted the attack, perfectly timing the dodge.

Except he didn't.

Rui had failed to notice that his arms were brighter than they had ever been. That meant that they came down faster and stronger than Rui had predicted.

BOOM!!!

CRACK CRACK CRACK!!!

"Rgh!" Rui grimaced as the glancing blow shattered his arms effortlessly.

Weaving Blood rushed in to fix the damage rapidly even as the Gatekeeper surged forward, preparing another attack to demolish Rui once and for all!



Chapter 1816 Holding Back

﻿﻿"Speed Void."

WHOOSH!

The Gatekeeper's narrowed as Rui cleanly evaded the finishing blow, leaping away as heaven and earth itself seemed to shackle the Gatekeeper in place.

That wasn't all.

"Fuuu…"

Rui activated Neo Godspeed at twenty percent while using Final Breathing at eighty percent, surging forward with much greater speed than before!

WHOOSH!

He evaded a powerful blow from the Gatekeeper, launching a powerful kick at the man's jaw. He threw every single technique into the Flowing Canon.

BAM!

It didn't so much as budge the man's head.

WHOOSH!

He somersaulted away, evading the man's extraordinarily swift and powerful blow. Suddenly, the Gatekeeper's body shifted, as his upper body dimmed while his legs brightened.

WHOOSH!

He appeared before Rui in the tiniest fraction of a millisecond, his legs dimmed as his upper body brightened. The most powerful and fastest blow of the battle was thrown at Rui.

WHOOSH!

Rui barely evaded the blow itself, yet the sheer shockwaves that emerged from it struck him point blank.

BOOOOOM!!!!!!!!!

"Rgh!" He grimaced

The destructive shockwave that emerged from the attack was so extreme that it battered Rui, engulfing him and everything beyond.

RUMBLE!!!

The very lands beneath them shook under the devastating power of the Gatekeeper!

That day, all of North Kandria experienced a small earthquake.

STEP

Rui leaped away with a grave expression, panting heavily. The Gatekeeper, too, took a moment to catch his breath after exerting himself to the very limit.

Silence spread across the battlefield.

Both warriors considered each other for a moment.

The Gatekeeper closed his eyes. "It has been a long time since I have been forced to think."

Rui shrugged. "It has been a long time since I have been forced not to."

The two of them couldn't help but share a brief, fleeting smile.

Yet, a silent understanding had befallen both of them.

The first act of the battle had come to an end.

The Gatekeeper, with deep confidence in his physicality, had chosen a relatively mindless approach to the battle.

Chase after his opponent.

Hit his opponent.N/nêw n0vel chap/ers are published o/n n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

This was the approach that had won him victory after victory for all of his life. Nothing short of the power of higher Realm has been enough to ward off this simple brute-force approach.

His physicality had trumped all.

No Martial Art, no Martial Path, no technique, no Martial Body, no Martial Heart no strategy or tactic had ever been able to withstand this mindless yet unstoppable combat approach.

Yet, for the first time since the birth of the Kandrian Empire, he had found an opponent who possessed the power to withstand his onslaught.

He still didn't quite understand how Rui did it.

It was as though he could see the future itself.

Even after the Gatekeeper unveiled his most prized trump card, his absolute mastery over the Martial Heart, he had only been able to gain a brief advantage that was quickly taken away.

Despite greatly increasing his combat power by regulating the flow of the Martial Heart and redirecting it to the most relevant muscles at any given point in time, he was unable to win.

He only managed to force his opponent to go all out, unveiling mysterious hypnotic techniques, momentary domains, and his own crude manipulations of the body.

Of course, the battle could not considered equal.

Rui had yet to put so much as a single scratch on the man's body, while the Gatekeeper was always merely inches away from crushing Rui to a pulp. He had even shattered Rui's bones multiple times, which would have ended the fight then and there if not for Weaving Blood.

In his situation, any normal, sane Martial Senior would now alter their strategy and tactics. There was no point in continuing with a mindless and brute-force approach that clearly wasn't working.

They would have switched their strategic approach to a long-

range, wide-scale attack. They would have considered disrupting his timing through sabotage. They would have considered soaking damage to get their hands on Rui and grapple him.

Something.

Anything.

Not the Gatekeeper.

There was a reason that he was still only a Martial Senior five hundred years into his Martial Path.

This was a man who had rejected the power of thought.

Physicality Evolution.

He had stayed true to his Martial Path.

Not even the seductive power of the Martial Master could shake his love and single-minded dedication to physicality, even at the cost of thought.

Especially at the cost of thought.

"You are the strongest Martial Senior I have ever fought," the Gatekeeper declared, cutting through the silence.

He closed his eyes.

"I will stop holding back now."

Horror gripped Rui's heart at those words.

Chills crawled up his spine.

Fear emerged from the depths of his very being.

"…Hold back?" Rui whispered.

BADUMP!

His heart began glowing tremendously, shining from deep within the depths of his chest.

BADUMP!

Rui shook as he felt a shockwave emerge from the man's chest from the sheer weight of his heart.

BADUMP!!

RUMBLE

The weight of the man's heartbeat shook the very lands beneath them.

BADUMP!!!

The world quivered under the roar of his heart.

Rui stared at him with terror.

He wasn't the only one.

Not a single person watching could maintain their composure.

Not a single one of them could maintain their calm.

Every single one of them stared at the Gatekeeper with unadulterated shock.

"What is this…?" Palpable fear was visible on Master Ceeran's face.

"…I don't know," Master Zentra's voice, usually calm, had grown saturated with angst.

Not a single one of them knew what they were seeing.

They could only watch with horror as the Gatekeeper's power continued rising until every cell in his body glowed with power.

Raw power that transcended anything that was supposed to be possible in the Senior Realm.

"I have you to thank for this technique," the Gatekeeper's voice had grown inhumanly deep. "Thanks to your Hungry Pain technique, my greatest masterpiece was complete."

His pupils shined like two miniature suns.

He took his stance, readying for battle.

"Forbidden technique…" He whispered.

"Ragnarok."

BOOOOOOOOOM!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!



Chapter 1817  Forty Five Seconds



RUMBLE…

"Get in!"

"Take shelter!"

"Make sure the kids are safe!"

The Quarrier Orphanage was in a state of panic when the earthquake ensued; the Kandrian Disaster Management Authority had issued emergency announcements to the northernmost parts of the Kandrian Empire, warning them about potential earthquakes throughout the entire day.

RUMBLE…

Lashara held on to the kitchen counter with fear in her eyes.

For some reason, despite all the chaos, a single thought rang in her head.

A single person.

"Rui…" She whispered. "Be safe."

Alas, it was questionable whether her wish would be granted.

The Gatekeeper pushed his leg into the ground, launching himself forward at more than twice his previous speed.

BOOOOOOOOOM!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

The very act caused mountains to erupt in the air behind him. The battlefield shook as the Gatekeeper launched himself at speeds that were not supposed to be possible in the Senior Realm.

WHOOSH!!!!!

In the briefest fraction of a millisecond, he had already arrived before Rui. Instantly, the most powerful and fastest attack of the battle converged on him. It threatened to crush him.

Ragnarok was originally a forbidden technique that relied on the metabolic immolation of the cells of his own body to generate power that exceeded the Senior Realm. Unfortunately, while the power of the technique made him more than twice as fast and strong, it was a technique that would extract his life should he actually use it.

With the advent of the Hungry Pain technique, Sir Armstrong discovered it was possible to significantly offset the worst consequences of the technique. It was his ultimate trump card. As far as he was concerned, there was no force in the Lower Realms that could withstand the power of the technique.

That was why he was shocked when Rui evaded the attack cleanly once more. WHOOSH

His fist just barely missed him as Rui evaded the blow with an enormous surge of speed.

At that moment, their eyes met.

A single whisper escaped Rui.

"You're not the only one with forbidden techniques." It was his only hope.

BOOOOOOOOOM!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

The evaded attack shook the heavens. The enormous wind currents and pressure imbalances it released began to coalesce.

It gave birth to something new.

WHOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOSH!!!

An enormous hurricane was born. It engulfed the entire battle and beyond.

Yet even as it grew at an alarming rate, not a single person paid it any heed. Each and every single one of them focused on one and only one thing.

The escalating battle between the two Martial Artists.

Even though Rui evaded the attack, he was unable to evade the destructive shockwave it produced. "Rgh!" Rui grimaced, simultaneously using a maximum Weaving Blood to heal wounds that his maximum Nemean Blossom had been unable to prevent.

"HYARGH!" The Gatekeeper surged forth with even greater vigor and power, determined to overcome Rui with his newfound power; a powerful fist converged into Rui's position, threatening to crush him.

WHOOSH!!!

Rui would have died if not for his maximum Neo Godspeed. Thê sourc𝗲 of this conte/nt n/o/v/(𝒆l)bi((n))

BOOOOOOOOOM!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

Instantly, a crater even larger than any Rui had ever seen was formed. Yet, his eyes were fixed on one and only one target, surging forward to exploit a rare opportunity.

BAM BAM BAM BAM BAM!

A flurry of blows landed on the Gatekeeper's jaw even as he ignored them. His body coiled as it hurtled a titanic attack at his opponent at blinding speeds.

Yet, not even that could reach Rui.

WHOOSH

Yet, while the attack could not reach Rui, the destructive shockwaves certainly did.

BOOOOOOOOOM!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

"Rgh!" Rui grimaced, gritting his teeth, surviving purely because of the grace of two Metabody techniques working hand-in-hand.

Yet the Gatekeeper did not intend to give him reprieve. A barrage of devastating titanic blows had surged forth toward Rui in a blinding flash.

WHOOSH WHOOSH WHOOSH WHOOSH WHOOSH!

Rui's eyes sharpened as he evaded each and every single blow within an inch of death. The gatekeeper's speed was so extraordinarily high that dodging before the attacks were launched was almost not enough!

In truth, Rui's eyes were unable to perceive the man's movements despite a maximum Neo Godspeed. There was one and only one reason that he was able to evade the Gatekeeper's devastating attacks over and over.

"Your patterns are more elementary than any I've ever seen."

Perhaps it was the price to be paid to abandon thought forever. In the absence of sophistication, simplicity was the only thing that could fill the void.

And fill the Void it did.

BAM BAM BAM!

A swift flurry of blows crashed harmlessly against the Gatekeeper's jaw even as the Gatekeeper launched yet another titanic attack surging forth at astronomical speeds.

BOOOOOOOOOM!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

The world roared agonously as the powerful attack inflicted a gigantic wound on its body.

Yet, it hadn't so much as touched Rui.

But the destructive shockwave did.

"Rgh!" Rui grimaced even as Weaving Blood healed the wounds that Nemean Blossom could not prevent.

Yet, neither of them had failed to notice that his regeneration speed had grown slower.

Rui had suffered a huge amount of damage throughout the entire battle. Not just from the two times that the Gatekeeper lightly managed to touch him but also from the omnidirectional destructive shockwave that constantly emerged from the man's fists.

As for the Gatekeeper, Rui failed to hurt him even a single time.

Their eyes met for a moment, and a mutual understanding flashed between them.

Both of them had used forbidden techniques, yet only one of them had suffered immense damage. It did not require a genius to figure out who would succumb to the effects of their forbidden technique first.

The impetus was on Rui.

His eyes narrowed as he flashed forward at blinding speeds, empowered by a maximum Neo Godspeed, Gale Force Breathing, and Outer Convergence.

BOOOOOOOOOM!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

BOOOOOOOOOM!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

BOOOOOOOOOM!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

He weaved through the Gatekeeper's devastating attacks, launching a flurry of powerful blows to the man's jaw one after another.

POW POW POW!

Yet, not even a speck of damage was inflicted upon the man. Rui gritted his teeth as he sharply evaded more attacks from the Gatekeeper. He didn't have much time left. He had lasted only thirty-four seconds when he had used four metabodies simultaneously. This time, given that he used only three, he estimated he only had forty-five seconds.

Yet, their perception of time was so high that not even a second had passed in real time since the Gatekeeper had unveiled his trump card.

-



Chapter 1818  Coping



The many spectators watched, shell-shocked, as Rui experienced a mysterious yet enormous surge of combat power. His speed and power were merely a minute fraction of the Gatekeeper's, yet he was somehow able to evade and even attack his opponent.

Yet even as he dazzled everybody with his almost magical ability to evade, he hadn't changed their outlook on the outcome of the battle. There was one fact of the matter that killed any chance of victory for him in their eyes.

He had yet to so much as even hurt his opponent while the Gatekeeper continued to ravage.

Not for lack of trying.

Regardless, a single truth had become clear to each and every single one of them.

The battle had reached its twilight.

Nothing short of a miracle would be enough for Rui to seize victory under these circumstances.

POW POW POW!

He launched a short, swift barrage of blows on the Gatekeeper's jaw, instantly leaping away swiftly to evade the retaliation.

BOOOOOOOOOM!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

Rui grimaced as the destructive shockwave battered him with wounds despite a maximum Nemean Blossom. He immediately leaped back towards the Gatekeeper even as a maximum Weaving Blood healed his wounds, albeit slower than before.

WHOOSH

He spun, evading an astronomical blow from the Gatekeeper, simultaneously landing his own.

BAM!

The Gatekeeper didn't so much as budge. He didn't even bother defending against Rui's pathetic attacks, for his own had already been launched hurtling towards Rui.

WHOOSH!

Rui somersaulted, landing away, only to find that the Gatekeeper had already arrived with his astronomical speed, ready to pummel him with a powerful blow.

All within Rui's prediction.

WHOOSH

BOOOOOOOOOM!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

Rui grimaced as the destructive shockwave caught up with him even after he evaded the attack, battering him once more. Weaving Blood immediately kicked into action, yet the Gatekeeper did not give him even a moment of relief.

WHOOSH WHOOSH WHOOSH!

Rui gritted his teeth as he leaped away dodging blow after blow after blow, barely avoiding being utterly demolished by the absurd destructive power of the Gatekeeper.

BOOOOOOOOOM!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

BOOOOOOOOOM!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

BOOOOOOOOOM!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

Heaven and earth shook under the Gatekeeper's devastating power. Each attack instantly carved out craters spanning many kilometers in radius!

A single one of them would utterly destroy Rui's body, Nemean Blossom or not.

The Gatekeeper's eyes narrowed with frustration as he relentlessly blasted attack after attack against Rui with blinding speed and astronomical power.

Yet, not a single one of them struck him.

Rui timed each and every movement within a microsecond of accuracy; anything less than that, and he would mistime the evasion, causing the attack to strike him successfully. The faster one's cognition was the shorter the timeframe between the inception of the attack and the final decision of the brain.

If Rui evaded the predicted attack a microsecond too early, then the Gatekeeper could reactively change the trajectory of the decided attack to hit him.

Had Rui evaded the attack a microsecond too late, then he would have been unable to avoid the Gatekeeper's astronomical blinding speed.

He had an extremely minute window to dodge the predicted attack.

He needed to time it accurately over and over and over.

The second he made a mistake, he would lose his life in addition to the battle!

If not for Temporal Disharmony reducing his perception of time and increasing the size of that window, as well as Speed Void reducing the sheer speed of his movements, not even the full might of Rui's pattern recognition model in conjugation with maximum Neo Godspeed would have been enough to avoid the astronomical speed that the Ragnarok technique gave him.

Even if it were, without maximum Nemean Blossom and maximum Weaving Blood constantly protecting him, he would have long succumbed to the destructive shockwaves of the Gatekeeper's attacks.

WHOOSH WHOOSH WHOOSH

BOOOOOOOOOM!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Thê sourc𝗲 of this conte/nt n/o/v/(𝒆l)bi((n))

BOOOOOOOOOM!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

Rui gritted his teeth, withstanding the destructive shockwaves of the three evaded attacks as his leg surged forward toward the man's head.

BAM!

It didn't so much as displace his head by even an inch. WHOOSH WHOOSH WHOOSH

The Gatekeeper gritted his teeth as the three attacks crashed into an empty image.

A feint.

POW POW POW!

Rui barely managed to squeeze in a swift flurry of strikes to the back of the man's head before a titanic backkick almost killed him.

WHOOSH!

He evaded it within an inch of his life, yet Primordial Instinct had already warned him of ensuing follow-ups. WHOOSH WHOOSH WHOOSH

He barely managed to evade three more ensuing attacks, one after the other, kicking off the Gatekeeper's head to propel himself away.

BAM!

"RARGH!" The Gatekeeper arrived before him, and a powerful drop-kick flew down at blinding speeds, threatening to crush him to a pulp.

BOOOOOOOOOM!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

Rui gritted his teeth, barely having evaded it, as the destructive shockwave battered him for the umpteenth time.

"Your body cannot hold out much longer, boy," the Gatekeeper's deep voice reverberated in Rui's ears. "I am unable to control the power of the Ragnarok; you will die."

Seconds had passed since the activation of the metabody forbidden technique.

His eyes met with Rui's.

"Forfeit."

Rui narrowed his eyes. "I'm not the only one who is on a time limit."

The Gatekeeper narrowed his eyes.

Rui grinned even as he coughed blood. "You're breathing is much more strained and laborious than before, old man."

His eyes narrowed. "Focus on yourself."

Rui took his stance once more.

"I have no intentions of losing."

A measure of respect and admiration lit up in the Gatekeeper's eyes.

BOOOOOOOOOM!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

He launched himself at Rui, ravaging the battlefield with each step. "I will defeat you before you succumb to your power."

He appeared before Rui in a flash; his arms swung down at an astronomical speed, threatening to crush Rui.

BOOOOOOOOOOOM!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

Rui grimaced, barely evading the titanic power of the blow, leaping away even as the destructive shockwave of the attack ravaged him.

"Rgh!" He vomited blood. The continuous damage that the Gatekeeper had inflicted upon him had taxed his body even more than he had accounted for.

The end of his short and brief burst of power was arriving even sooner than Rui had expected!

-



Chapter 1819 Remained To Be Seen

﻿﻿WHOOSH

Rui pirouetted, evading a powerful, swift blow as a spinning kick crashed into the man's head.

BAM!

Once again, not a spec of damage was inflicted on his opponent even as a power haymaker arrived hurtling at Rui.

WHOOSH

It crashed into an empty image of Rui.

A feint.

POW!

A straight hook kick crashed into the man's jaw, yet again failing to hurt him.

"Why do you bother?" The Gatekeeper murmured even as he launched an enormous flurry of blows at Rui. "Your paltry power is unable to hurt me."Thê sourc𝗲 of this conte/nt n/o/v/(𝒆l)bi((n))

He narrowed his eyes, gazing deep into Rui's eyes.

He saw but one thing.

An endless darkness.

A void.

It threatened to consume him.

Yet, a single remark escaped him.

"Trivial."

His eyes intensified as he unleashed a titanic amount of power against his opponent.

BOOOOOOOOOM!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

BOOOOOOOOOM!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

BOOOOOOOOOM!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

"Rgh!" Rui vomited blood as the destructive shockwaves of the evaded attacks battered his strained body.

THUD

He fell down to one knee as his leg gave out. Weaving Blood had reduced tremendously since Rui began using it.

WHOOSH

He leaped away, barely evading the Gatekeeper's attacks.

Yet a single truth had become entirely evident to not just his opponent, but to every single spectating the battle.

"The time is nigh."

While the Gatekeeper had also grown slower and weaker, his condition was far more stable than Rui, who had been battered deeply throughout the entirety of the battle. The disadvantage of forbidden techniques was that any damage exacerbated their consequences.

It was a negative feedback loop that worked against the user.

Had Rui been able to inflict a similar amount of damage, he would have ensured that the battle remained balanced.

Yet, since the inception of the battle, Rui Quarrier Kandria had been unable to inflict so much as a scratch upon his opponent.

Was there ever a more clear indicator of inferiority?

The realization had long set a deep gloom upon those who yearned for his victory.

"…Rui!" Master Ceeran gritted his teeth, clenching his fist.

Master Vericita bore witness to the battle with deep angst.

She was not worried that he would lose. As far as she was concerned, that was inevitable. She was afraid that he would lose his life in addition to the duel.

Master Zentra simply closed his eyes, shaking his head.

Headmaster Aronian beheld the battle with a grave expression.

Resignation flashed in his eyes.

Only Master Reina continued to spectate the battle with deep enthusiasm and excitement. A knowing look flashed in her eyes as she continued to eat her popcorn, cackling out aloud.

WHOOSH WHOOSH WHOOSH

Rui grew more disoriented, struggling to evade the attacks one after another.

With each maneuver, he grew slower.

He grew sluggish.

Pain ravaged his body. His body felt like it was burning, burning alive.

Blood spilled from many orifices across his entire body.

A single truth became evident to everyone.

He was at his limits.

"I will say this one last time," the Gatekeeper's voice spread through the battlefield. "Forfeit."

"Huff…Huff…" Rui stood unsteadily, breathing heavily. His vision grew disoriented while his balance seemed to crumble by the millisecond.

He could barely maintain his Martial Heart.

He had already deactivated his dying metabody techniques, using Final Breathing to prolong what little time he had.

Yet, with herculean effort, he pulled himself together, taking a stance.

His body coiled as he tucked his fist at his side, gathering what little power he had left.

Instinctively, realization dawned upon all of them.

This was his final attack.

The Gatekeeper closed his eyes. "So be it."

He took a powerful charging stance.

"I will not forget you," his final remark rang in the air. "Rui Quarrier Kandria."

RUMBLE!!!

Heaven and earth shook as he shot himself at astronomical speeds. His body coiled as a titanic amount of power exploded from across the entirety of his gargantuan body. An astronomically devastating, powerful attack was hurled forward at extraordinary speeds.

It converged unto Rui.

The end seemed nigh

BOOOOOOOOOM!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

What followed shook everyone to their very souls.

What followed ensued seemed to defy the law of causality itself.

What unfolded would go on to sear itself in the minds of all those who beheld it.

One moment, Rui was to be struck by the ferocious attack that the Gatekeeper hurled at him.

The very next?

His fist crashed into the Gatekeeper's head.

Every single person widened their eyes as the Gatekeeper's attack crashed into an empty image, only for Rui to emerge as his attack crashed into the man's head.

Yet that wasn't the miracle that put the fear of God in all of them.

A single whisper escaped Rui's mouth.

"Sympathetic Death Lance."

The Gatekeeper's Martial Heart flickered, snuffing entirely.

His body grew limp.

His eyes grew unfocused as he began to fall.

Rui closed his eyes with regret.

Yet, this time, it was his turn to be shocked.

CLASP!

Rui's eyes opened, widening with shock as the Gatekeeper stared deep into Rui's eyes, having caught both his arms.

His eyes were bleeding profusely.

A small smile emerged on his face.

"I have you now."

SPLAT!

In a single gesture, he tore both of Rui's arms from his body.

DRIP DRIP DRIP DRIP!!!

"AAAARGRAHRVAGHHHHHHH!!!!"

A horrifying screech echoed through the battlefield.

The Gatekeeper surged forward with jubilation and triumph as the armless Rui fell backward.

Victory was his.

POW

He froze as Rui's foot crashed into his head.

The second Reverberating Death Lance of the battle.

His brain shook for a second time despite the extraordinary skull that protected it.

THUD

He fell to the ground, collapsing.

Collapsed and unmoving.

"ARRCGH!" Rui coughed blood even as blood gushed out from the open wounds of his torn arms. Combined with the loss of two arms and the effects of the forbidden technique, the cells across his body began dying rapidly.

He was on the brink of death.

On the brink of death, yet conscious.

"Winner! Rui Quarrier Kandria!"

"RUUIIIIIIIIIIII!!!!!!" Master Ceeran bellowed as he and his fellow Martial Masters rushed forth with Hearts and Minds ablaze with prepared potions.

It remained to be seen whether the battle was the only thing that would come to an end.

-



Chapter 1820  Outcome



Rui felt his consciousness dimming.

"Winner! Rui Quarrier Kandria!"

A sense of relief spread within him when he heard those words. He won.

But at what cost?

His body had been throughout the entire battle. He had been forced to use a forbidden technique. He had even had his arms ripped out.

Still, the thought of victory brought him great elation even as his consciousness faded. After all, he had defeated the great Gatekeeper. Someone who was regarded to be the strongest Martial Senior in all of Kandria. Hell, he could not imagine the Gatekeeper losing to any Martial Senior even though he had barely extracted victory from him.

Rui had truly used everything that he had to offer against the elder Martial Senior. Even by the very end, he had used Phantomind Void synergetically with Phantom Step to bypass his guard and land his Sympathetic Death Lance on the man.

He had known from the very moment he laid eyes on the Gatekeeper that he would be unable to harm him using conventional methods. He had resigned to having to kill him using his greatest assassination technique in order to extract victory.

That was why he continued striking the man's head throughout the entire battle, even if the action appeared to be in vain. It was not about damage; it was about finding the right resonant frequency.

And despite that, the man did the impossible; he got up after being struck by the Sympathetic Death Lance, not once, but twice. It was a feat that Rui still didn't understand.

Rui would probably never admit this out loud, but the moment that he realized that not even the Sympathetic Death Lance could take this man down was one of the most horrifying moments that Rui had ever experienced in the entirety of both lives.

Thankfully, the second one seemed to do the trick, but it still shook him.

What he hadn't expected was how absurdly strong the Gatekeeper would be. The sheer amount of physical power that this man had cultivated across his entire lifespan was unlike anything he had ever come across.

Rui had thoroughly been shown how great the power of accumulation was. If he ever came across a particularly old Martial Artist, he definitely needed to steer clear, for there was no telling just how much power they had cultivated in all that time. He could completely understand why the Martial Masters in his immediate inner ring had told him that he would lose.

He didn't blame them.

In comparison, he was close to one-twentieth the Gatekeeper's age. Thus, the fact that he managed to overcome all that accumulation was a testament to the potency of his Martial Art as a force multiplier.

He had many questions that he wanted to ask the Gatekeeper if he got the chance.

He didn't know if he would.

Even if the man was still alive, Rui wasn't sure if he would live.

Time seemed to have slowed down in his perspective as a multitude of thoughts flashed through his mind. 'Am I dying?'

The question seemed to break the spell of time, accelerating the darkness that overtook his mind.

Soon enough, his consciousness had completely faded. A comforting, warm sensation had completely overtaken his body.

Time passed.

Faint memories of noises, voices, scents, and odors had cumulated during this time. His body experienced many different sensations during this time. A lot of pain initially, but eventually, even that ceased.

By the time his eyes opened, he could instinctively sense that some time had passed. He found himself in a bed. An unfamiliar ceiling greeted him when he opened his eyes. "I'm alive."

A sigh of relief escaped him.

His circumstances before passing out had been so genuinely dire that he could not help but worry that death was a very realistic possibility. Having his arms ripped out after using his forbidden metabody technique was a good recipe for death. It would suck to die after going as far as he had.

He hadn't trodden his Martial Path for almost twenty years only to die so this young.

He had an entire life ahead of him.

An extremely long life.

He clenched his fists, feeling a surge of power.

He was unable to distinguish any differences in the sensations of his arms. It was as if they had never been torn off in the first place.

Whatever the Martial Union did to him while he was unconscious did the trick quite well.

"Mmm," Rui groaned as he sat up in his bed.

His body seemed to have grown a little unfamiliar with the movement, reluctantly obeying his control.

"Your Highness!"

His attention was drawn by eight Martial Masters that guarded him while he recovered.

"…Hm?" Rui narrowed his eyes, tilting his head. "You've finally woken up!"

"I shall inform the doctor."

"How do you feel, Your Highness?"

Elation radiated from them. "I feel fine, mostly," Rui murmured, glancing at his arms. "How long has it been since my battle with Sir Armstrong?"

"A little over a month, Your Highness." Thê sourc𝗲 of this conte/nt n/o/v/(𝒆l)bi((n))

"What?!" Rui's eyes widened with shock as he jolted. "Over a month?!"

"Yes, Your Highness," the Martial Master explained. "According to the medical team we assigned to specifically your condition, your condition was extremely dire. According to them, without extravagant and ostentatious resources that the Martial Union has invested into your recovery, you would undoubtedly have been dead or permanently crippled."

"…Damn," Rui murmured. "I suppose that means that I am not permanently crippled?"

The Martial Master smiled. "We have used the very best of the best to ensure that your condition was completely restored. Congratulations on your complete recovery, Your Highness."

Rui heaved a shaky sigh, smiling at the man. "I am grateful to the Martial Union for ensuring that my condition was completely head and restored."

The direness of his circumstances was not lost on him, but it certainly became clear to him after he learned that he had been asleep for more than an entire month.

-



