Chapter 2050  Tales of Mischief



Rui was glad to reconnect with old friends of the Master Realm.

Especially now that he could speak to them as equals standing on the same stage.

In the past, the difference in their Realms made it so that their relationship was lopsided.

But now, however, he was finally their equal.

"I'm sure you have one hell of a story to tell," Master Ceeran eyed him curiously.

Rui smiled wryly. "I do. Unfortunately, it's not something I can spend time narrating at the moment. I am preoccupied with many extremely important matters that require my urgent attention."

There were so many things that he needed to deal with that it wasn't even funny.

By now, word of his breakthrough to the Master Realm would undoubtedly be passing around the highest echelons of the Kandrian Empire. However, his return was still a secret to the rest of the world since only the Master and Sage Council were aware of his deception.

Thus, he would need to account to his many stakeholders how he managed to break through to the Master Realm while remaining in the Kandrian Empire, heavily guarded by virtue of his status as a prince.

"More importantly, I need to get up to speed in regards to what she has been up to," Rui heaved a weary sigh.

It appeared that Master Reina had not been able to restrain her eccentric sense of humor when acting as him. He had feared this possibility, but he didn't have any choice, he didn't know of another Martial Artist that could transform their appearance to such an extraordinary degree.

He had baited her with entertainment and amusement, and now he would have to deal with the consequences.

"The Silent Shadow is…" Master Zentra's expression darkened. "…different." Nôv(el)B\\jnn

Rui scoffed aloud. "I suppose that's one way of putting it."

"It is disturbing that it took a Martial Sage to see through her disguise. She had an overwhelming majority of Martial Masters fooled over the course of three years. I believe there are only five Martial Masters she didn't meet," Master Vericita's elderly expression grew complicated. "She lives up to her reputation."

A smirk cracked at the edge of his mouth. "…That she does. Once I'm done with handling the most immediate matters, I will be sure to tell my story to all of you as one of the many ways I intend to make up for my deceit. But until then, I'll be busy trying to make sure my life doesn't explode."

"We'll be waiting." Master Ceeran smiled. "Go, do what you must."

Rui left after bidding them a temporary goodbye, activating Greater Phantomind Void along with his Martial Heart and Mind.

Until he switched with Master Reina, he needed to minimize his public appearances to the bare minimum.

He surged back to the Town of Hajin in the north from the town of Vargard at tremendous speeds, crossing the vast expanse of Kandria within a minute.

Very rapidly, he had arrived at his personal office in the Rui Faction.

An exact copy of Rui Quarrier Silas Kandria sat at his table.

Rui took a moment to appreciate the fact that Master Reina was able to age him accurately in the span of three years on a micro-level.

"To say I am shocked that you have broken through to the Master Realm is stating the obvious, so perhaps I should say the opposite, hm?" She gazed at right through his Greater Phantomind Void with an expression of amusement.

Yet, Rui could sense the deep shock and alarm within her mind due to a greatly superior Martial Mind.

"You're able to sense me despite my misdirection?" Rui raised an eyebrow. "I helped you create the technique, after all," she remarked. "Not to mention, I suspected something like this would happen, so my Martial Mind and Heart are secretly active. A niftly little technique I developed in my time. And even then, I can only sense your presence and location, nothing else. To think that you're able to hide so well from my senses. Tsk, truly heartbreaking."

"Uh huh…" Rui stared at her with a dubious expression. "We have a lot to talk about, don't we?"

"Do we?" She shrugged, amused. "I think I'm going to remain mum."

"I'm afraid not, Master," Rui scoffed. "What have you been up to lately?"

"Are you sure you want to know?" Master Reina smirked mischievously. "It might be better for your poor little heart to never find out."

Her words only made him more weary.

"…Just spit it out."

"Hehehe…very well," she grinned. "Today, Prince Rui has a harem to tend to in about two hours. Over the past few years, the Void Prince has adopted the strategy of befriending powerful forces across East Panama by engaging in romantic and sexual relations with their daughters in a long-term polygamous relationship. It has been quite fruitful and has yielded many benefits, both in and out of the bed."

Rui stared at her, frozen.

"…The young ladies never saw through me; I used hypnosis to make them see things that weren't there," she winked at Rui. "Rest assured, I didn't do your…'stature' injustice. Seeing as how you have an inactive sex life, I figured this generous Master of yours would do you a favor and have a harem prepared for you when you came back home. Aren't I wonderful? Tsk tsk, you don't deserve such a wonderful mentor like me."

"…"

"Oh, and that wasn't all…!" Master Reina continued, excited as she began narrating her story of the past three years. Despite his fortitude against external information he had gained from the Elder Tree, her words still struck him like a lightning bolt, one after another, as she divulged her escapades and games in the past three years. Much of it was her indulging in her eccentric sense of humor, which did not sound as bad but was quite disastrous. She also entertained herself in a variety of ways across three years, yet now that Rui had returned, he would need to deal with all of this himself.

-



Chapter 2051  Evaluation of Power





"…And that about sums up my many adventures in the shoes of Master Rui Quarrier Silas Kandria."

By the time she was done, Rui was in a daze. Dazed at just how much of a maniac a person could be.

"Now then, tell me about your adventures," Master Reina inquired with curious excitement. "As fun as mine were, any adventure that led to the birth of the youngest Martial Master in history and the most powerful Martial Mind in history cannot be anything less than extraordinary."

Rui gazed at her wearily, breaking out of his frozen shock. "...I'm not sure I want to indulge you after the mess that you have left behind for me."

"Oh, don't be a baby! I spent three years covering for you, I deserve to know!" She insisted.

Rui heaved a tired sigh as he began narrating his tale since their last meeting. The Beast Domain, the Valley of Prisms, the Forest of Fear, the Garden of Salvation, and finally, the Mellow and his breakthrough within the dungeon.

As much as her story impacted his, it could not even begin to compare to the bewilderment she exhibited from his.

"The Garden of Salvation…?" She stared at him. "You mean that myth?"

"It's not a myth," Rui shook his head. "It's real."

"…I've never heard of the Mellow," she murmured, trying to recollect.

"It is, or at least was, an insignificant place on the outside. The dungeon is gone, though after we disrupted it."

He abstained from telling her about the alien flora lifeform. That was far too important to reveal to anybody, including Master Reina; it was classified as extraordinarily strategic intelligence of the highest order.

"Still…" She turned to him. "To think you truly succeeded in finding the so-called Divine Doctor. Not to mention, to think you change so much in the span of three years."

Master Reina hadn't, for a moment, missed how much he had changed.

Although the closure with his mother was healing, the Elder Tree's inheritance undoubtedly changed his temperament, turning him more stoic and impassive than he used to be. In addition, the revelations of the Divine Doctor were so staggering that echoes of the emotional turmoil it left him in were reflected in his eyes.

No one would miss the changes that he had been through. Nôv(el)B\\jnn

"Still, congratulations on your breakthrough," she wished him earnestly. "When you first came to me, I didn't think you would become a Martial Master eleven years later. Truly shocking. I hope you're prepared for the consequences of breaking the world record by half. If you think your breakthrough to the Senior Realm sent waves, then this time, it will be floods and tsunamis. Such an event will not be ignored by any of the fourteen Sage-level powerhouses of the Panama Continent."

Rui's expression grew serious. "I know. It hasn't been long since I returned, but I'm already on a countdown."

The guards and staff of the Royal Palace. His time in the Quarrier Orphanage. The information about his breakthrough to the Master Realm would slowly spread across Kandria and eventually across the entirety of the Panama Continent.

He was on a countdown the moment he returned.

"I intend to announce it after my father awakens."

She raised an eyebrow. "Why after?"

"Because the return of the Emperor of Harmony is more consequential and significant to the world than my breakthrough to the Master Realm at my age," Rui calmly explained his reasoning. "The former materially affects the future of human civilization and certainly the future of East Panama. While my record-breaking breakthrough would indeed shock the world, its impacts on the future are not as heavy. Ultimately, I am one Martial Master and far from the strongest."

He hadn't forgotten the eerie peril that lingered within the eyes of the Harbinger. The fact that his Martial Mind allowed him to detect her desire for carnage was almost a curse.

"Far from the strongest, yes," Master Reina calmly remarked. "But strong, nonetheless. Your first priority should be understanding how strong you've become."

"…Don't worry," a smile cracked at the edge of his mouth. "I have already made plans to rigorously test my strength. It was quite unfortunate that my senses alone were unable to determine the overall combat level of Martial Masters very clearly."

"That's to be expected," Master Reina reassured him. "The combat power of a Martial Master is dependent on many factors, more factors than it is in the Senior Realm, which is why it is possible to gauge relative power by comparison in the Senior Realm through senses alone. However, you cannot trust the observational evaluation of power in the Master Realm. 'Power level' as an emergent property is far more complicated in the Master Realm. The Martial Mind complicates matters, and the compatibility of Martial Minds is something that cannot be measured."

Rui grew immersed in her words. "Compatibility of Martial Minds?"

"Correct," she nodded. "Some Martial Minds are antithetical to others. Some perform extremely poorly against each other, while some perform extremely well against others. This does not seem to be able to be predicted or known before the battle actually occurs. Thus, you must always be extremely careful judging a Martial Master until you have fought them. You cannot simply evaluate the strength of their Martial Body and Mind or purely rely on sensing their aura. All Martial Masters are extremely complicated beings."

"Hmmm…" Rui absorbed her words. "If compatibility of Martial Minds is an important parameter, then it makes sense that I had a hard time evaluating relative power levels in the Master Realm. But if that's the case, how does the Martial Union and other organizations grade Martial Masters?"

In the lower Realms, the power level was observationally evaluated in addition to being tested. However, as he had just learned, the power level of a Martial Master could not be observationally evaluated.

"Most organizations and nations bypass this by having all Martial Masters fight against as many other Martial Masters as possible, as painstaking and tedious as it is," Master Reina informed him as she explained to him the many dynamics of the Master Realm.



Chapter 2052 Tomorrow

It hadn't been too long since his breakthrough to the Master Realm. He had many, many holes in his knowledge regarding it. From the price of the Martial Mind that he learned from the Divine Doctor to learning about the core principle of Martial Minds from Sage Sayfeel to learning about progress in the Master Realm from his grandmother to learning about how power was evaluated in the Master Realm from Master Reina.

Each pitstop he made seemed to enrich his understanding of the Realm that he had just entered.

"Facing off against as many Martial Masters, was it?" Rui raised an eyebrow. "That is a cumbersome way of evaluating what grade a Martial Master is."

"It can't be helped." She shrugged. "Martial Masters had an additional dimension of power with many parameters within them that cannot be directly measured. Thus, one can only brute-force the measuring system. When the Reign of the Master Realm began, there weren't too many Martial Masters back then. Thus, this was much easier back then. But today, you will need to fight dozens of pre-graded Martial Masters to learn where you stand on average. The grade where your win rate and loss rate are exactly fifty percent on average across said grade is estimated to be your grade of power."

Under the given circumstances, this was the best Martial Art organizations were able to do. The advantage of such a system was that it naturally accounted for growth without needing to shift grades every generation to adjust for growth.

"Now that you have entered the Master Realm, you must adjust your mindset to be able to accept more uncertainty. Uncertainty of the path ahead, the uncertainty of power, the uncertainty of victory, and so on and so forth," she informed him. "The Upper Realm is a solitary Realm, in many ways."

CLACK

The door opened as his chief of staff walked in, yet by the time she walked in, she merely saw Rui sitting on a chair.

Master Reina was nowhere to be seen.

"Mikhaila," Rui addressed her as he pretended to be immersed in whatever Master Reina had been studying.

"Sir, the Martial Union has just delivered a document containing what appears to be a contract for a duel," she frowned. "It is marked as highly classified. Thus, I saw it to bring it to you without delay."

She didn't possess the awareness needed to distinguish passive auras between Realms, and neither did she know him well enough to notice any differences in his mannerisms.

"It is indeed highly classified." He accepted the document with interested eyes. "I'll look over it myself.

"Understood, Your Highness."

Master Reina appeared out of thin air after the woman left, turning to Rui with a curious expression.

"Duel?" Her eyes lit up with interest.

"Yeah, thanks to your fuck-up, I need to fight to earn reduced penalties," Rui calmly informed.

"Not fair," she folded her arms. "What am I supposed to do when a Martial Sage ambushes me? In fact, I should have you compensate me for bringing me to the brink of death!"

"Hah," Rui snorted. "After the mess you have made in the past three years, I should have you compensate me for emotional damage. Now, let me read this contract in peace."

He ignored her complaints as he read through the agreement fleshed out in the document.

The duels were scheduled in North Kandria, Daracol.

Rui recalled this place, and it was the same place where he had fought Master Krakule, a region devoid of human settlement built specifically for Martial Masters to fight without worrying about causing psychological damage to human onlookers.

"Good." He nodded appreciatively.

His Martial Embodiment was too destructive; it was mental torture of such magnitude that it eroded consciousness, turning people into brain-dead vegetables unless their minds were powerful enough to handle it.

The criteria for victory were knock-out, submission, or incapacitation.

Killing one's opponent was strongly prohibited.

That made sense, too. Martial Masters were national treasures. Neither the Martial Union nor the Kandrian government could possibly afford to have them dying in duels and spars.

The contract also specified the many exact crimes Rui had committed, describing multiple charges of fraud within his elaborate deceit, and also put a number on the total losses suffered by the Martial Union due to fraud.

"…Twenty-one billion Kandrian gold coins." He winced at that number. "Yikes."

He understood the anti-Rui faction's sentiment against him a little better. He had always been willing to compensate them with priceless assets like the Elder Tree intelligence network and the Divine Doctor's services.

"But if they want a fight, then a fight they will get."

The contract also specified the three exact outcomes as well as the manner in which the three Martial Artists would be chosen.

"One from the lower third, one from the middle third, and one from the upper third of the thirty grades of the Master Realm chosen at random, barring those who have a conflict of interests," Rui furrowed his eyebrows in thought.

"Interesting," Master Reina remarked as she read alongside him. "So you'll have to fight a Martial Master from within the first ten grades, another from the middle ten grades, and a particularly powerful Martial Master in the higher echelons of the Master Realm. Hehehe, that sounds exciting."

A smile cracked at the edge of Rui's mouth as his eyes lit up with enthusiasm. "Three opponents won't be enough to help me understand precisely how strong I am, but it should give me a rough estimate of my own power."

The weight of the agreement pressed down on his shoulder.

The outcome would forever impact his relationship with the Martial Union. He needed to ensure that he secured the best possible result to prevent an inadvertent end to a great partnership.

"Seems they're particularly quite eager to arrive at a conclusion without any further delay."

"Why do you say that?"

His eyes narrowed.

"The duel is tomorrow at the break of dawn."

-



Chapter 2053  Commencement



When Rui arrived, the Masters of the Martial Union would not have thought he was about to fight life-changing duels if they didn't know better. While most other Martial Artists in his position would be deeply stressed about winning the duel for not wanting to suffer a horrible fate, he arrived at Daracol with an enthusiastic smile on his face.

The number of Martial Masters that had chosen to bear witness to his duels was not low.

While not every Martial Master could make it, he had undoubtedly broken a sort of record for the sheer number of Martial Masters that had made the time to be able to witness the power of the most extraordinary Martial Artist that they had ever seen. STEP

When he arrived at the designated battlefield in Daracol, the many gathered Martial Masters were already waiting outside the enormous battlefield that stretched hundreds of kilometers in diameter.

Such a distance was nothing for their powerful senses.

Yet, Rui did not direct his attention to the many friends he had among them.

No.

Within the battlefield, he found himself staring at a single person.

A single being.

"Sage Lemolen," Rui bowed his head in respect to the powerful Martial Sage that stood before him. Clad in dark, black attire and a hood over his head, the man stuck out like a sore thumb. Rui had never seen a Martial Sage control their aura as well as Sage Lemolen did. It was as though the man was not even a Martial Artist at all.

He couldn't detect the heavy aura that was characteristic of Martial Sages. He couldn't detect their usual influence on the environment.

"Master Rui…" A raspy whisper escaped him as his eyes narrowed. "Are you prepared?"

The Martial Sage pinned Rui with a powerful gaze and visible displeasure in his eyes.

"Of course, Your Sagehood."

"I will be the arbiter of your duel. I shall ensure the battle is carried out in accordance with the rules of the battle while also ensuring that it is shielded from unauthorized surveillance. We cannot have the strategic intelligence of our Martial Masters leaked to the outside world."

His declaration was not light.

"I'm honored, Your Sagehood."

"Are you?" He glared at Rui. "If you truly were honored, you would not have deceived us, all of us, the way you did. The first thing I wanted to do after learning of your deceit was kill the Silent Shadow and hunt you down in the Beast Domain."

"…" Rui simply stared at the man with a composed demeanor.

"Yet, I'm afraid this farce of a penalty will have to suffice." He snorted. "I hope justice prevails. Now that you are here, I see no reason to delay the commencement of the first battle."

He waved his hand and a Martial Master immediately emerged from the base, entering the battlefield.

His upper body was bear while his lower body was garbed in Martial attire. He featured a well-honed Martial Body with highly developed muscles and immense power.

"Master Gerlin Hanti of the Earth Sect, grade nine, will be your first opponent." Sage Lemolen solemnly declared

The man regarded Rui with a glowering expression. "Master Rui."

"…It's been a while, Master Gerlin," Rui calmly addressed him.

This was a man who had joined Rui's faction four years ago with tentative enthusiasm and had completely turned against him after learning about his deception.

Rui could directly sense the anger festering within his mind,

"You have taken the many things you've been blessed with for granted," he accused. "I'm here to teach you that deceit comes at a cost. Your Martial Mind may be more powerful than mine, but my Body and Heart are far more powerful than yours!"

He took a stance, tucking his fist at his side while his arm was brought before him, spreading his legs and distributing his weight.

"…" Rui simply stared at him for a moment before taking his classic neutral stance.

The two Martial Masters faced each other, prepared for combat.

Rui remained unmoved while Master Gerlin grew increasingly furious at Rui's nonchalance.

"Begin."

Sage Lemolen's raspy commenced the duel.

BADUMP!

Their Martial Hearts and Martial Minds blazed into power.

Instantly, his opponent's Martial Embodiment bloomed.

A spiked armor. One that could not be attacked without hurting one's self.

One moment, it stood tall and proud.

The very next…

"…!" Master Gerlin froze as Rui's Martial Embodiment erupted in all its ephemeral glory.

It erupted in a horrifying tsunami, washing over his opponent.

It spread far beyond, encompassing the entire battlefield.

The many Martial Masters spectating shuddered as an avalanche of endless darkness subsumed them.

An endless void.

It was nothing, yet everything. n/o/vel/b//in dot c//om

"What is this…?" Master Vericita whispered with fear in her eyes as she beheld a Martial Embodiment more powerful than anything she had ever felt in her entire life. The sheer flood of information was so high that each Martial Master needed to activate their own Martial Minds just to withstand all of it!

"Rgh…" Master Ceeran gritted his teeth. "So powerful!"

"Truly…" Master Zentra remarked. "…Truly unfathomable."

"Kekeke…!" Master Reina cackled. "As expected of my pupil!"

Most of them were shocked speechless even as their Martial Minds fought back against the titanic flood of information that coursed from his Martial Embodiment.

Sage Lemolen narrowed his eyes gravely as he bore witness to the unimaginable power of Rui's Martial Embodiment.

It had exceeded even his expectations by a large margin.

Master Gerlin was frozen, unmoving.

No.

He was unable to move.

His affinity as a Martial Artist had always been that of Body. He had barely managed to break through to the Master Realm with a pitifully weak Martial Mind.

Enough to fight Martial Masters but…

"Ngggrh!" He gritted his teeth as his eyes grew bloodshot. He struggled.

To think.

To decide.

To move.

Martial Embodiments forcefully injected information into the subconscious mind through their interpretation of nonverbal communication after misdirecting, which could not be regulated by the misdirected conscious mind.

Normally, the information it conveyed was far too weak to impede any Martial Mind.

Yet, what if the disparity between two Martial Minds was so great that the information conveyed by the Martial Embodiment of one was greater than what the other could process?

-



Chapter 2054  Cracking Attacks

2054  Cracking Attacks

Try as he might, Master Gerlin could not move.

His Body was fine.

Yet his mind…

"Rgh…!" He gritted his teeth as his expression crumpled with strain.

The sheer amount of information that Rui projected was so great that the Martial Artist couldn't process all of it!

Because his mind could never process all of it before more entered, it couldn't so much as make a coherent decision or even focus on Rui.

This was what was known as incapacitation.

Sage Lemolen heaved a sigh. "Winner by incapacitation, Master Rui Quarrier Silas Kandria."

Rui immediately turned his Heart and Mind off, allowing the man to breathe.

THUD

He fell to his knees, panting for air.

"For what it's worth," Rui calmly addressed him. "I am sorry."

Unfortunately for Rui, he wasn't even listening to him.

He was still processing the fact that he lost to Rui's Martial Embodiment before Rui even used his Martial Art.

He gritted his teeth, choking under the anger and frustration.

He felt as though his pride as a Martial Master has been trampled on.

He gazed at Rui with a mixture of defeat and despair. "You…"

He halted, at a loss for words, as his eyes widened with shock.

Rui was more displeased than he was.

He was hoping to genuinely fight a Martial Master for the first time in his life. It was frustrating to be denied that opportunity when it was this close to him.

"Master Gerlin," Sage Lemolen sternly addressed him. "The battle is over. Please vacate the battlefield."

"…I understand, Your Sagehood."

The man left the battlefield with vacant eyes. Sage Lemolen's eyes returned to Rui, gazing at him deeply before announcing the next combatant.

"Master Zereela Mhel, grade nineteen, of the Fire Sect."

Rui's eyes lit up with interest as a second Martial Master arrived at the battlefield with a fiery expression.

The air boiled under the sheer heat of her glare. "You shall learn that all actions have consequences, Your Highness," She snarled. "Take your stance!"

"I look forward to a good duel."

"Hah!" She snorted. "I'm just going to beat you up, boy!"

Sage Lemolen's eyes shifted towards Rui.

"…Do you wish to exercise your right to consume potions before the fight commences?"

He was allowed to make use of the highest rejuvenation and healing resources, as availed by the Martial Union itself between each round. "…It's unnecessary," Rui calmly remarked, taking his stance. He hadn't expended any meaningful amounts of energy against Master Gerlin. Instead, his attention had shifted to Master Zereela. A single fact had become evident to him.

She was strong. Nôv(el)B\\jnn

Unfortunately, as he discussed with Master Reina, that didn't mean much. He had already begun studying her the moment she had arrived.

Her body was well-chiselled, yet did not possess the overwhelming physical power that he had come to expect from Martial Masters of the Fire Sect.

Instead, the physical configuration of her Martial Body maintained a good balance between power and mobility.

The VOID algorithm processed her stance in the briefest of moments, revealing much about her fighting style from it alone. Her centered legs facilitated ease of maneuvering at the cost of positional stability, which indicated she was most certainly a moving Martial Master.

Her upper body twisted, coiling with power.

He had no doubt that she would leap at him, ready to blast him the moment the battle began.

"Begin." Sage Lemolen commenced the battle.

BADUMP!

She did as he predicted.

Unfortunately for him, she was much faster than he had ever imagined.

BOOM!!

Rui's eyes widened as he barely managed to react in time to the incoming blow that crashed into his guard.

The sheer weight of the attack launched him away.

That wasn't all.

SPLAT!

He grew stunned as blood began spilling out of a puncture wound in his arm, leaping away, alarmed.

Unfortunately, this was a tactic that her Martial Mind forbade.

WHOOSH

Rui's eyes widened as the land where he sought to step caved into the earth while it rose at her feet, propelling her forward with powerful earth-bending while he had no leverage to move.

BOOM!!

Rui blocked a powerful blow from her blinding attack with a grave expression.

SPLAT

A second puncture appeared on his arms.

His eyes barely caught a glimpse of her bloodied fingers before she blurred a third time, determined to puncture him a third time.

WHOOSH

Her attack crashed into an empty image of Rui.

A feint.

BOOM!

A powerful Flowing Canon armed with the full power of Flowing Canon, Outer Convergence, and Reverberating Lance crashed into her chin.

A finisher.

Or so he thought.

CRACK!

"…Eh?" Rui's eyes widened as he felt his knuckle fracturing on the spot.

A vengeful grin appeared on her face as a powerful spear hand jab surged at Rui, threatening to puncture him yet again.

WHOOSH

Rui evaded the incoming attack, launching a powerful spiraling kick to her gut.

CRACK!

His eyes widened as he felt a bone in his foot cracking upon impact. Master Zereela surged at him once with a flurry of spear jabs.

"Breathing Crucifix."

BOOM

He launched a third blow, blasting her away with a heavy impact.

This time, he didn't feel any bone cracks.

"I see…" His eyes narrowed. "That's a nifty Martial Mind you have there."

"Hehehe…" A bloodlusted smile appeared on her face as she adjusted to the powerful hypnosis shackling her breathing. "You haven't seen anything yet!"

Even as she surged towards him yet again with her spear hands at the ready, Rui leaped away as he understood what was happening.

'Her Martial Mind contains a system of thought that allows her to shift the area of impact of the collision such that all the damage is incurred by the attacker rather than herself,' he realized. 'I cannot hurt her in close combat, no matter how powerful my attacks are.'

Even in battles between humans, often times, the one throwing their fists would be the one to have them broken.

-





Chapter 2055  Perfect Solution



This occurred because the bones of the fist were weaker than the bones of the region being struck. Thus, the attacker suffered all the damage of their own attack.

It was no different from trying to damage a steel wall with glass. It didn't matter if the glass attacked the wall, it would always be the one to suffer.

Normally, this happened at random and was unpredictable.

However, what if someone devised a system of thought that calculated how to make this happen every time?

What if someone created a system of thought that evaluated the structural integrity of their opponent and adaptively evolved their movements to ensure each collision damaged their opponent more?

'In that case, it doesn't matter how powerful my blows are," he narrowed his eyes. 'She will always be immune to them.'

By hyper-conditioning her joints and other special regions, she had created zones across her entire body that served as collision pads to shift all collisions. In addition, because she merely needed to shift her body by a little, the effort and time needed were minimal, allowing her to always ensure that her opponents suffered more than her.

Then, by creating a system of thought that allowed her to calculate the exact location of impact and the structural durability of her opponent's fist or leg, she would know exactly how to move to ensure they suffered from their own power.

"A splendid system of thought." Rui's admiration was earnest. Nôv(el)B\\jnn

Her eyes flared with rage. "Don't patronize me!"

WHOOSH

WHOOSH

She surged forward at him at extremely high speeds, throwing flurries of blow after blow.

Yet, they never landed.

WHOOSH WHOOSH WHOOSH!

Rui calmly evaded each of them with the most optimally efficient evasion maneuver, foreseeing all her attacks with the predictive model of the VOID algorithm as he decided his course of action, courtesy of the Angel of Laplace.

He couldn't strike her.

It was possible that he could negate her system of thought through some tactic or strategy, but it was not an avenue worth pursuing.

He had a much better solution.

'Mighty Roar Flash Blast.' His eyes intensified as the Void Pathfinder technique activated in his mind. THWOOM THWOOM THWOOM THWOOM THWOOM!

A barrage of sonic projectiles surged toward her with remarkable velocity.

BAM BAM BAM BAM BAM!

Her expression crumpled with severity as she tore through each projectile one after another.

Yet, he could directly sense the pain and strain inside her mind.

"Sound cannot get hurt."

THWOOM THWOOM THWOOM THWOOM THWOOM!

He continued blasting her with projectile bullets of sound one after another.

Not a single one missed her, much to her dismay.

Like magic, each and every single sound projectile surged exactly where she stepped, almost as if they came from the future, forcing her to endure and tear apart at each and every single pulse of sound that moved towards her.

Yet, she was not done.

'Mind of Spear: Dividing Spear Mode.' Her mind surged into thought as she shifted her body in calculated manners.

THWHOOSH THWHOOSH THWHOOSH THWOOSH!

Rui's eyes lit up with interest as his sound attack dissipated when they struck her body. Her movements lessened as she lessened her surface area, closing her body and stiffening her muscles.

"I see…"

It was similar to her earlier system of thought but a slightly different application. Rather than focusing on specific areas of her body where her body was tougher, she focused on withstanding attacks through an axis where she was most durable.

Every object had an axis along which the maximum amount of force was needed to break it. Even an egg could be extremely difficult to break if one tried breaking by compressing it from top to bottom rather than side to side.

She estimated the vector of force of her opponent's long-range attack and ensured that the axis of maximum difficulty was aligned exactly with each attack.

THWHOOSH THWHOOSH THWHOOSH THWHOOSH THWHOOSH!

She was able to minimize damage by cleaving through each attack with less resistance.

Her grin widened as she surged forward at him at high speed. She thoroughly overwhelmed each incoming sound projectile with maximal effectiveness, growing better and better at it with each step that she took.

Until Rui used Hypertrophic Surge.

BOOM BOOM BOOM BOOM BOOM!!

"Argh!" She grimaced as countless bruises, wounds, and cuts erupted across her body.

Yet, her steps never ceded as her eyes remained fixed on him.

Rui was deeply impressed by just how powerful her defense was. Her Martial Mind was weaker than his, but her defensive techniques and conditioning were even more synergetic with it than his were.

Unfortunately for her, he had already identified the most adaptively evolved solution to her latest offensive defense.

"Sonic Singularity."

The world screamed.

It screamed as a tsunami of sound converged onto her from all directions.

No greater solution against her directional defenses existed than an attack that attacked her from all directions. She couldn't shift to adjust the point of impact because the point of impact was every inch of her body.

BOOOM!!!

"AAAARRGHHJHHH!!!" She screamed in pain as she tried to cleave through all the incoming sound that began heating her body up from the inside out, glaring at him through the pain.

His Martial Embodiment had shifted entirely.

Gone was the endless void that consumed everything.

In its place, a singularity of heat and sound had emerged.

Yet, she stood nonetheless, moving towards him even as her insides began heating up at alarming rates.

"Phantom Pain."

All thought in her mind ceased to exist as unfathomable pain erupted from deep within her.

"AAARGRHAGRHARGH!!!!!" Her bellows echoed throughout all of North Kandria.

"Enough." Sage Lemolen's raspy voice cut through the battle.

In an instant, Rui's domain and hypnosis disappeared.

THUD

The Martial Master collapsed to the ground, unconscious.

"Winner by incapacitation," Sage Lemolen calmly announced. "Master Rui Quarrier Silas Kandria."

Rui heaved a sigh as he deactivated the Metabody System, his Martial Heart, and Mind, and a hint of satisfaction glinted in his eyes.

He had achieved his first proper victory in battle against a Martial Master.

-



Chapter 2056  Bypassed Prediction



While his first victory was technically his first battle against a Martial Master, Rui was not interested in counting that. It gave him absolutely no meaningful experience against other Martial Masters.

If anything, he almost wished he could request a rematch for the lower third against someone he could test himself against.

Alas, the contract specified that the results of these matches could not be undone.

With two victories in the bag, he had secured the second-best outcome for himself. Even if he lost the third match, he would only be subjected to a punishment where he would have to compensate for their losses with Martial contributions.

Frankly, this was not a bad outcome as far as he was concerned. Making contributions to the Martial Union did not consume extra time or energy since he would just be sharing things that he had already worked on in the past.

He closed his eyes as he absorbed the experience of his first Master-level battle. His opponent was undoubtedly strong. It didn't seem as though she had a particularly low compatibility against him. She had managed to push back even after he developed a predictive model on her with the VOID algorithm and the Angel of Laplace. Additionally, she managed to neutralize the battle even after he shifted the battle to a long-range one against her using the Void Pathfinder technique, despite being shackled with Breathing Crucifix.

It took a combination of Hypertrophic Surge and Yggdrasil System to put her down for good. It was a good battle where he was forced to fight seriously, which was enough to win the battle.

'…I can't say for sure because she might be less compatible with me than others in her grade, but I suspect that I am at least grade nineteen,' Rui mused to himself.

"We have reached the third duel."

Sage Sayfeel's raspy voice drew his attention.

"Your final opponent will be…" Sage Sayfeel narrowed his eyes. "…Master Grais of the Lightning Sect."

An elderly Martial Master arrived at the battlefield, garbed in the Martial attire featuring the Lightning Sect's crest.

Just his sect and Body told Rui everything he needed to know about the man.

"Master Rui…" The elderly Martial Master gazed at him with a disapproving expression. "I will not hold back against you."

Rui shook his head. "I wouldn't want it any other way."

Unlike the previous two opponents, Master Grais did not seem to bear too much of a grudge against him, even if he wasn't particularly fond of Rui either.

"Master Rui, would you like to exercise your right to consume healing and rejuvenation potions before the fight begins?" Sage Sayfeel asked.

"Yes." He nodded. He had taken some damage in his fight against Master Zereela. Her Martial Mind had allowed her to crack his bones upon contact, which had healed but drained him of vital stamina, as did the entire battle and the Metabody System.

"As you wish."

Immediately, Rui was supplied with the finest rejuvenation potions, which brought him to his very peak.

"Now then," Master Grais narrowed his eyes. "If you are settled, then let us commence immediately. I am eager to experience your touted power for myself."

He took a highly aggressive maneuvering stance that resembled that of a sprinter. Rui didn't need the VOID algorithm to tell him that the man was undoubtedly going to dart for him the moment the battle began.

He took a neutral stance.

"Begin." Sage Sayfeel commenced the battle.

WHOOSH

As predicted, Master Graise surged towards Rui with extraordinary speed, arriving before Rui in the briefest of moments. A targeted knuckle punch surged towards Rui's throat, threatening to strike his neck.

As predicted by his predictive model. Nôv(el)B\\jnn

WHOOSH

Rui had already dodged it before it had arrived.

Or so he thought.

POW!

Rui's eyes widened as he barely managed to throw up a guard against his opponent's attack trajectory, which shifted abruptly, crashing into his guard without so much as missing a beat.

Yet, before he could even breathe, his opponent's other hand already surged for his eyes, threatening to take them out.

"Speed Void."

WHOOSH

Master Grais' eyes widened as Rui just barely managed to move out of the way, managing to avoid losing his eyes.

Yet, Rui was hardly done. 'Temporal Disharmony.'

Rui immediately brought out the two most powerful anti-speed techniques that would undoubtedly hurt the Martial Master significantly.

"Do not underestimate me." BOOM!

Rui's eyes widened as he felt a surge of pain emerging from his abdomen.

"…what?" A whisper escaped him as he glanced down.

The man's fist had instantly buried itself deeply in his solar plexus.

It had happened so quickly, that even Rui's sense of pain was late to react.

He didn't understand.

He didn't have time to.

BOOM!

The world rotated as a second blow crashed into his skull out of nowhere. For a moment, Rui was frozen midair, upside-down.

Yet, the man was just beginning.

'Steps of Lightning.' The man narrowed his eyes, activating his Martial Mind once more. 'Shadow Transmission.'

BAM BAM BAM!!

Powerful blows crashed into Rui before he even comprehended what was happening. He guarded his vitals, trying to withstand an onslaught from his opponent as his mind surged into thought.

'…The predictive model isn't predicting each of these attacks.' He gritted his teeth. 'In that case…'

POW

Master Grais' eyes narrowed as his attack bounced off of Rui uselessly. His outer skin and flesh had grown thicker and darker as Nemean Blossom was activated to the fullest.

"Tough." Master Grais narrowed his eyes. "Then I shall just have to whittle you down bit by bit!"

The man disappeared as he surged towards Rui with remarkable agility, arriving before he could even begin to comprehend.

It was as though Speed Void and Temporal Disharmony were entirely ineffective against him!

POW POW POW!!

The Martial Master weaved in and around Rui beyond his awareness, peppering him with countless strikes, one after another.

Yet, Rui never yielded his guard, waiting for the right moment.

-



Chapter 2057  I Can See Your SOUL



"…Who do you think will win?" Master Vericita asked with concern. "Rui is strong, but Master Grais is certainly no slouch, he's just one grade away from becoming a high-grade Martial Master."

"…It's difficult to say." Master Zentra narrowed his eyes, observing the battle. "His Martial Mind is quite powerful and refined. His Highness has probably never faced an opponent with a system of thought as powerful as this."

"His Shadow Transmission system of thought is as fearsome as ever." Headmaster Aronian heaved a sigh. "In addition, his ability to convert speed into offensive power is even better than I recalled."

Master Reina's eyes lit up with vague interest as an insight dawned on her. "…Stealth."

The other Martial Masters of the pro-Rui faction gazed at her warily. "He's using stealth," Master Reina remarked with curiosity. "He's hiding the telltale signs of his future movements with a momentary, abrupt, and transient burst of stealth. He adaptively evolves the timing and sensory-orientation of the stealth to match his opponent's senses and awareness for the greatest effect. Tsk, why didn't I think of that?"

Master Zentra nodded tentatively. "…I am not surprised that you have managed to see through it as an exceptional master assassin. That is the secret behind the Shadow Transmission system of thought."

All sentient beings engaged in extrapolative analysis subconsciously and consciously. Science had shown that interpreting the telltale signs that preceded movements to gauge timing was something that was ingrained in the very neurology of sentient creatures.

This was exactly what Master Grais had sought to undermine when he created the Shadow Transmission system of thought. He employed a very brief and limited momentary burst of stealth to hide all the telltale signs of his movements which disrupted all extrapolative cognition of those that observed him.

This had an extraordinarily high synergetic effect when combined with his blinding speed.

Those who observed him would see a single thing.

A Martial Master disappearing through space and time.

He was beyond comprehension.

BAM BAM BAM!!!

Three charged blows crashed into Rui's vitals through his guard at extreme speeds.

He never saw them coming.

Master Grais surged forward throwing a swift blow at Rui's abdomen, promptly provoking a guard from Rui.

WHOOSH

Rui's eyes widened as the image disappeared.

It was a feint.

By the time he noticed the two fingers surging towards his eyeballs, it was too late.

SPLAT SPLAT!

"Argh!" Rui grimaced in pain as the Martial Master's powerful finger jabs ravaged Rui's eyeballs, leaving him blinded.

Master Grais' eyes narrowed as a golden opportunity of an opening presented itself to him.

Nineteen Martial Art techniques were activated, improving his agility, speed, maneuvering, fluidity, and efficiency.

WHOOSH!

He crossed the distance between him and Rui in less than a microsecond.

Yet, his eyes widened when Rui's bloody eye sockets opened, meeting his gaze.

"I can see your SOUL."

Those words sent chills up his spine.

BOOOM!

"Arck…!" The man grimaced as a powerful blow crashed into his body, armed with the power of Outer Convergence, Fire Breathing, and Reverberating Lance.

CRACK

His expression grew grave as he felt one of his ribs fracture under the sheer weight of Rui's strike. Although his Martial Body was more powerful than Rui's, its physical configuration was oriented towards speed, agility, and mobility. He could not tank strikes like a defensive Martial Artist.

"I see…" A whisper escaped Rui.

The battle paused momentarily as the two Martial Artists took a brief reprieve to catch their breath and recuperate.

"No wonder the pattern recognition system of my Martial Mind failed," Rui murmured, displeased. "It is partially incompatible with your system of thought."

The predictive model of the VOID algorithm relied on analyzing the telltale signs and extrapolating them to evaluate timing. While all living beings did this to a small degree inherently, pattern recognition did it to an astronomical degree to produce incredible results as far as predictive power went.

The Angel of Laplace primarily supplied him with passive patterns centered around these telltale signs and the timing and action they corresponded with rather than active combat patterns.

Rui now understood what Master Reina meant when she said relative power levels could not be evaluated before a battle due to the compatibility of Martial Minds.

"You are still young."

Master Grais' voice drew his attention.

"Far too young," he narrowed his eyes. "Your inexperience with the Master Realm shows. The most important factor in a battle between Martial Masters are their systems of thought and the decisions we make based on them. Take the defeat that I will be handing you with grace and learn from it."

WHOOSH!

He surged towards Rui the moment his ribs had healed. His opponent's vision had yet to return, thus, waiting any longer would begin to be detrimental to his own interests.

Unfortunately for him, the battle didn't go as it did before.

WHOOSH!

His eyes widened as his blow landed on an empty image of Rui.

A feint.

WHOOSH WHOOSH WHOOSH

The elder Martial Master barely managed to evade the incoming blows of the youngest Martial Master, circling around him to land powerful blows in his blindspot.

BAM BAM BAM!

Rui shifted to block the attacks calmly, one after another.

Against speed-oriented Martial Artists, dodging was too much of a hassle because of their speed. Given that he had opted to use Nemean Blossom, he would rather make the best use of it.

POW POW POW! n/ô/vel/b//in dot c//om

He blocked a flurry of blows from the Martial Master, carefully using the SOUL System to read his intention. Even if he could hide external telltale signs from Rui's sense with momentary but powerful bursts of stealth, he could not hide his SOUL from Rui's mind sense.

When Rui broke through to the Master Realm, he realized that he no longer needed Soul Void to read the SOULs of people within his sensory range. His Martial Mind, when fully active, was so powerful that it could glean the data that he needed without needing to put his opponent in a trance.

He had been studying the Master's SOUL from the moment the battle began.

-



Chapter 2058  Maximized Reaction



The battle shifted into the second phase as the cards had been laid out for both Martial Masters.

Even with the SOUL System at play, Rui found it difficult to actually land a blow on the Martial Master. He had succeeded in doing so the very first first time because he managed to cleanly catch Master Grais off guard due to over-committing.

However, the Martial Master was shockingly faster than he was.

WHOOSH WHOOSH WHOOSH!

He effortlessly avoided Rui's attack, moving so fast that he was reduced to indistinguishable blurs in Rui's eyes. His Martial Body was far faster inherently, but even more shocking was the number of techniques this man used simultaneously!

'He's using almost two dozen techniques simultaneously.' Rui narrowed his eyes. 'It makes sense because the Martial Mind has expanded the cognitive limits to active techniques.'

In the Lower Realms, one generally could not use more than several active techniques simultaneously without compromising reaction time and awareness because too much of the mind's attention went into maintaining the techniques.

Yet, things changed in the Master Realm.

There was additional cognitive capital that allowed for even more active techniques simultaneously so long as they didn't directly conflict with each other.

Unfortunately, Rui didn't have such a large number of non-conflicting techniques that could make use of his additional mental capital.

He had very recently broken through to the Master Realm.

Yet, the sheer disparity between their raw speeds and the techniques allowed him to move so incredibly fast that even the SOUL System could only mitigate the enormous speed gap. In addition, his technique and Martial Mind had been molded around each other, while Rui's simply worked side by side.

The difference was enormous.

WHOOSH WHOOSH WHOOSH

The Martial Master almost ignored Rui's attempts at reaching him as he surged forward with aggressive velocities, accruing great momentum.

BAM BAM BAM!!

The blows peppered across his entire body were designed to strike the most vulnerable parts of his body and cause maximum damage. The fact that he had partially negated the predictive model prevented Rui from getting away with much preparation; he couldn't use Flux Earther instead of Nemean Blossom due to the limited timespan.

Against the chimera, he had both, in addition to delayed cognition from the chimera due to its tedious decisioning system.

Master Grais had no such flaw.

POW POW POW!

He blasted Rui's body with swift blows before leaping away at the last moment, avoiding a powerful strike from Rui.

WHOOSH

The two surged forward at each other.

BOOM! WHOOSH!

The battle churned as the two sides tried to gain an advantage over the other.

The endgames in their mind were entirely different.

Rui's win conditions were clear: He either needed to land a single attack with enough damage to cripple the fragile Martial Master or trap him in grappling where his speed was useless.

Master Grais, on the other hand, was keen to avoid this outcome. He needed to play the long game correctly and ensure that he never got hit or fell into a trap. As long as he could slowly accumulate damage over Rui, the battle would eventually turn in his favor. Unfortunately, he had underestimated Rui's Martial Mind.

"Your direction of dodging is always in alignment with torque."

SPLAT!

Master Grais's eyes widened as a cut appeared on his face from the edge of Rui's knuckle.

"Fuuu…!" Rui rushed in with a charge, shifting from the Nemean Blossom to Neo Godspeed.

Time slowed down in his senses as his body grew lighter and faster.

A battle of attrition was sub-optimal when using the Metabody System. In the long run, allowing the Martial Master to accumulate damage in the long-run was not something that he would rather take his chances with.

If he wanted to land a finishing blow on Master Grais, he would have to seize that opportunity himself within five minutes!

"Come then." Master Grais invited him fiercely.

WHOOSH WHOOSH WHOOSH!

The two of them danced around the battlefield as Rui significantly closed the speed gap between them.

Yet, everything came with a price.

BAM BAM BAM!

The blindingly fast blows of the Martial Master hurt even if Rui mitigated them with partial evasions.

"You may be faster than before." His elderly eyes intensified. "But now you're in my territory."

WHOOSH WHOOSH WHOOSH! n/o/vel/b//in dot c//om

A flurry of blows flew at each other as the two Martial Masters sped around the battlefield at incredible speeds.

Rui threw an incredibly fast kick at the Martial Master's head, trying to knock him out with a single blow.

WHOOSH

Master Grais narrowly evaded it, circling around Rui as a flurry of jabs flew at him at extraordinary speeds.

WHOOSH WHOOSH WHOOSH!

Rui gritted his teeth with frustration.

Despite Speed Void, temporal Disharmony, and Neo Godspeed, they still weren't equal in speed!

'He's maximizing my reaction time by attacking from directions with the least amount of my concentration and awareness.' Rui's expression grew grim.

Reaction time was not a static or uniform parameter. It was dependent on how much attention and awareness the mind reserved for whatever it was reacting to. Master Grais' system of thought was a psychological evaluation system allowed him to understand how his opponent distributed their attention and focus throughout the battle, allowing him to delay their reactions by attacking in those directions.

Thus, despite reading the inception of his intent, his mind sluggishly reacted to attacks on certain vectors and directions.

"You should pay more attention." A chilling whisper escaped the elder Martial Master.

SPLAT

Rui barely managed to avoid a pronged finger poke to the eyes, millimeters away from losing his vision a second time, leaping away. He had attacked Rui in the blind spot of his vision, the spot where the eye could not see due to the lack of photoreceptor cells at the spot where the nerves connected the eyeball to the brain.

A lethal move that had an extraordinarily high success rate of blinding his victims.

"Come, Void Prince," the Master addressed Rui. "The battle is just beginning."

-



Chapter 2059  Time limits



The moment the battle shifted to that of one between speeders, rui was on a timer. He needed to get the battle done as quickly as possible because it was not something that he could afford to prolong too much.

Unlike Master Grais, this was not something that could be prolonged too much. He immediately rushed in to blast his opponent and end the battle as soon as possible. WHOOSH WHOOSH WHOOSH

Master Grais evaded a flurry of blinding blows, one after the other.

Alas, it was not as easy as he had hoped.

POW

One of Rui's strikes crashed into his face.

His eyes widened, stunned. In the depths of Rui's eyes stirred an endless darkness.

A void.

BAM

His expression darkened as he barely managed to block the swift blow that blasted into his face.

It wasn't that Rui had gotten stronger.

No.

He was reading Master Grais better.

"You may be able to hide your telltale signs, but you cannot hide your active patterns."

POW POW POW n/ô/vel/b//in dot c//om

The master gritted his teeth as he bore Rui's onslaught.

The only reason that he did not break bones then and there was because rui had lost power to achieve greater speed.

BAM BAM BAM

"Rgh." Master Grais leaped away from Rui to put some distance between them.

The two of them locked eyes as a mutual understanding flashed between them.

Based on simple deduction, Master Grais understood that there was undoubtedly a time limit to his power.

"I need only last till your power wears out." The man's eyes blazed with determination. "Then victory is mine."

Rui knew that he was right as far as that went.

If he was gaining the upper hand with Neo Godspeed, then he would undoubtedly be losing it to his opponent after it wore off.

He was on a sharp timer.

Master Grais watched him like a hawk.

He was waiting for the critical moment.

Yet all he saw was a smile emerge on Rui's face. A smile of pure excitement.

Rui never felt more alive than when he was pushed to the very limit of his ability to adaptively evolve. His eyes widened at that thought.

'Maybe the moments I feel most alive can teach me something about who I am…'

He felt most alive when his adaptive evolution was pushed to his limits. His eyes lit up as he felt profoundly euphoric. He had taken the first of a million steps to an unimaginably distant Realm.

Yet, it was a step in the right direction.

BAM BAM BAM

Master Grais grew grimmer as Rui pummeled him hard on and across his guard.

His perseverance to withstand Rui's attacks only grew stronger, but unfortunately, he continued to suffer damage from his opponent as time passed.

The combined power of Speed Void, Temporal Disharmony, and Rui's own Neo Godspeed was so great that his Martial Mind was able to make for the gap between them, never allowing the Martial Master out of the grips of his onslaughts.

BAM BAM BAM

Master Grais put as much distance between himself; alas, Rui wasn't willing to allow that to happen.

THWOOM THWOOM THWOOM!

Rui fired three Mighty Roar Flash Blasts at the Master, guided by the Void Pathfinder. They couldn't miss.

BAM BAM BAM!

Master Grais grimaced, yet his eyes never left Rui.

They were waiting.

'Only a few minutes left.'

He was not wrong in his estimates, able to accurately gauge the time that Rui had left in his state based on the physiological strain that was clearly evident to the power senses of the Martial Master.

Rui's flared with intensity as he pushed himself to the very limit to inflict as much damage as possible and get as close as possible. He was determined to inflict as much damage on Master Grais as possible if he could not end the battle then and there.

The moment his Metabody System ended and the battle hadn't, Master Grais would return with a vengeance.

THWOOM THWOOM THWOOM!

Rui continued firing Mighty Roar Flash Blasts one after another as his opponent did his best to ensure that they didn't meet. Long-range power was usually weaker, which was to his benefit; in addition, he didn't want to get anywhere near the possibility of a grappling match. He didn't think he could possibly win that.

THWOOM THWOOM THWOOM THWOOM THWOOM!!!

Master Grais gritted his teeth as Rui managed to nail him with a tier-five Transverse Resonance.

CRACK CRACK CRACK

The powerful attack fractured bones in his body, reducing his combat effectiveness.

Had Rui been fast enough, he would have been able to win the battle then and there.

Unfortunately…

"Huff…huff…" He panted heavily.

Neo Godspeed had run out.

Of the four Metabody Systems, Neo Godspeed was the most taxing because it taxed not just the body but also the brain with the self-hypnosis adjusting perception of time. While Hypertrophic Surge would have lasted a much longer time, this didn't.

On top of that, he was continuously maintaining a power domain like Speed Void and power hypnosis like Temporal Disharmony.

Without those two, Master Grais would blitz and knock him out before he could even begin to process it.

The speed disparity between them was absurd.

Not only was his Martial Body several times faster than that of Rui, but his techniques increased that gap massively, making the total speed gap great.

Furthermore, Rui didn't have Nemean Blossom or Neo Godspeed.

Master Grais's eyes lit up with fire as he rushed towards Rui at top speed, eager to end the battle as soon as possible.

WHOOSH

Two fingers surged towards Rui's eyes at high speeds.

Yet, they never reached.

CRACK!

His eyes widened with shock as his fingers broke, deforming as they crumpled against Rui's forehead.

He had crouched a little at the last moment, causing the man's fingers to slam into hard bone.

A single remark escaped Rui. "Predictable."

WHOOSH

Master Grais leaped away, dodging a slow attack from Rui as he healed his fingers.

This time, however, Rui didn't chase him.



