Chapter 2350 Commencing Command



"Well, I just promised that we would attack the Shionel Confederation if the nation allies with those that aim to destroy us," Rui replied calmly. "I suppose that deterrence of yours is not doing you that much good, huh?"

The prime minister stared at him for a second before smiling. "…I don't think so."

Rui eyed him back intensely. "I think you're bluffing." The prime minister grinned. "I don't think you were authorized to make threats in this meeting."

"I'm sure that the guildmaster will love to hear that when we deploy our prophetic resources to inflict as much damage with as few people as possible." Rui shrugged. "Calling real threats a bluff is a good way to get yourself killed."

The two sides continued sparring with each other verbally, trying to undermine the other side's position and credibility while opting to garner as much optical and rhetorical dominance as they could.

Meanwhile, the guildmaster fell into thought, considering everything that he had been hearing.

Admittedly, he didn't expect Rui to rely on threats. Thankfully, they were palatable.

No one would blame the Kandrian Empire for targeting nations that were contributing to its destruction.

If anything, it was the norm for such action to be taken.

Nations were fragile, and defense involved taking the enemies out before the battle began. In the case of the Kandrian Empire, they had the Silas Clan, which allowed them to execute tactical missions that involved the assassinations of just a few people, including himself. This would ensure that the next guildmaster was firmly pro-Kandria, allowing the Kandrian Empire to gain a new ally.

Of course, with a powerful Martial Sage protecting him it was anything but easy. However, it was still very well within the capabilities of the Kandrian Empire, especially with all the power that it possessed now. In other words, the guildmaster would face danger and hostility no matter which side he picked. The Britannian Empire's stick was bigger, of course, but the Kandrian Empire had a bigger shield.

On top of that, he hadn't forgotten the benefits and incentives that the Kandrian Empire had promised. If he was going to be attacked anyway, he would much rather go with the side that promised him greater riches and treasures in exchange for his support and alliance.

Yet, he also hadn't forgotten the free-trade agreement that the alliance very straightforwardly offered.

Both sides had sticks, shields, and carrots of varying sizes that ultimately summed up to be equal enough that any difference was entirely negligible.

In that case…

"I have made my decision."

The two sides, who had been battling each other verbally, paused as their expressions grew serious. Neither one of them was sure which way the guildmaster was going to favor based on his expressions. The man's poker face was beyond immaculate.

Silence echoed in the room for several seconds.

Neither side said a word as they waited.

The atmosphere was wrung taut while the air grew electric.

"I have evaluated the positions of both sides scrupulously for quite some time now. I have pored over every detail of every statement that either side has uttered in this meeting and prior meetings, as well as what has been said by other delegates to convey the position of the Shionel Confederation," he began. "Both sides have offered a lot, promised a lot, and have even threatened a lot. One side has more powerful threats, while the other side has more powerful promises. I have tried weighing them against each other in hopes that I would be able to detect which is heavier than the other, But I'm unable to decide which is heavier."

Both sides sharpened their eyes with bated breaths.

He said he was unable to decide which was heavier.

Yet, he had made a decision?

"Despite this malaise, I have indeed arrived at a final decision." His tone grew more certain. "The answer came to me not from any external factor but from within me."

A serene smile cracked at the edge of his mouth. "I just remembered who I was. Who l am."

Rui's eyes widened with shock at those words.

Yet, the guildmaster was not done.

His eyes grew more certain. "I am a businessman. My greatest strengths have always been identifying potential where others see none and then milking it for the maximum yield. And that is what I have decided to do in this particular circumstance."

He closed his eyes. "In this case, one side has more potential than the other. One side has limitless potential, while the other side has reached its limit. One side has the potential to be the most powerful human force to have ever existed, while the other desperately clings to its stagnating influence while doing everything in its power to oppress the potential of the other in fear of being outshined."

An ecstatic grin erupted on Rui's face while the prime minister's face crumpled with grave reckoning.

The atmosphere boiled as their emotions ran high.

"Guildmaster…" Edward's voice rang with deep peril. Malevolent bloodlust flickered in the depths of his green eyes. "Consider your next words very carefully—"

"With the authority vested in me as guildmaster of the Shionel Confederation, I hereby declare my allyship with the Kandrian Empire." His voice boomed as he cut the Britannian leader off. His intense gaze fixed itself on the vengeful fury that lingered in Edward's eyes. "My decision is final. I appreciate your offer and detest your disrespectful conduct and audacity to threaten me so brazenly and unapologetically while I harbor you as a guest in this nation."

His gaze shifted to the beaming Rui. "I have decided to bet on your potential. Kandria's potential. Do not let me regret it."

Rui's grin widened. "I won't. You can rest assured of that."

The air boiled with jubilance for the briefest of moments.

Until it was swept away by a wave of danger and peril.

"He may not let you regret it…" A whisper escaped the prime minister. "But I will."

Rui froze, breaking into a cold sweat.

His heart started beating harder.

His nerves began tingling, prickled by the sharp atmosphere.

His instincts warned of impending danger.

"What…" Rui's eyes widened at the Britannian Prime Minister. "What have you done?"

Edward smiled, opening eyes filled with bloodlust and malice.

He pulled out a communication artifact, activating it.

A single command escaped him.

"Commence the attack." Nôv(el)B\\jnn

RUMBLE!!

The prime minister smiled while Rui and Guildmaster Bradt froze with shock as the very world around them began tremoring with fear.

-



Chapter 2351 What's It Going To Be?



Prime Minister Edward hadn't expected to lose.

However, he was far too careful not to have prepared for it. Even before he departed for the Shionel Confederation, he had very carefully prepared an operation that would only be executed if he somehow happened to lose. And while he was surprised that he had failed to bring the guildmaster over to his side, he did not let it stop him from doing what he needed to.

"Commence the attack."

At that moment, the Martial assault forces that had been waiting immediately erupted from their temporary hidden locations, surging towards the Shionel Confederation. Sages, Masters, and even Seniors surged from a hidden spot in the geographic vicinity of the Shionel Confederation, converging upon it at rapid speeds.

On a map, they resembled sharks converging on their prey.

It was a matter of minutes before they would arrive at the Shionel Confederation. Nôv(el)B\\jnn

The sheer power that they possessed radiated through heaven and earth.

RUMBLE!

Rui's expression darkened with grave realization. "You…"

"I told you…" the prime minister spoke to the guildmaster while his eyes remained fixed on Rui. "I would make you regret it."

Guildmaster Bradt glared at him as his fists clenched. "You dare…"

The prime minister's bloodshot green eyes shifted to meet the guildmaster's severe gaze. "Did you think I was jesting? Tell me, Bradt…"

He stood up, leaning towards him as a piercing gaze pinned the guildmaster frozen. "…Did you really think I was not going to do exactly as I said?"

His voice oozed with malice and peril. "Do I look like a man who will not keep his word?"

The guildmaster's expression darkened.

A hint of regret flickered in his eyes.

One that was not missed by the piercing eyes of the prime minister.

"Ah…" A faint murmur escaped Edward. "…There it is."

A flicker of glee lit up in his eyes. "The consequences of your foolish decision."

RUMBLE!

The tremoring of the ground grew even more intense.

"Your Highness," Sage Glacken remarked with sharp concern. "We should leave. We should leave as soon as possible."

"Speak for yourself." A wide grin emerged on Damian's face.

He earned a warning look from Sage Roschem. "…We are bodyguards, Damian. Do not forget your duty."

Damian merely snorted with contempt.

Yet, he didn't retort.

He was many things, but he was not someone who didn't value his word.

"Your Highness," Sage Roschem urged. "Your safety is paramount. We must leave immediately. We do not have much more time."

RUMBLE!

The tremoring intensified even further.

"Going to run, little prince?" Prime Minister Edward smiled at Rui. "To think you would not even plan for an attack immediately after the victory that you sought to achieve, the moment when this nation and alliance were at their weakest…"

He tutted with disapproval and disappointment. "You should have stayed in your lane."

Rui gritted his teeth as he clenched his fists, glaring at the prime minister.

He understood what the man was trying to do. He was trying to provoke Rui into choosing to remain here.

He wanted to ensure that the Void Prince not only chose not to retreat but was baited into a fight where he could finally be killed. So long as Rui was surrounded by the Sages and had the damn instant transportation artifact, Prime Minister Edward couldn't kill him.

And the worst part of the ploy was that even though Rui knew that he was merely getting baited, it was difficult not to fall for it. The second he departed from the conference hall, the guildmaster's life was as good as forfeit unless he chose to undo his decision and ally with the alliance. Even then, the Britannian Prime Minister would definitely make him pay the price for not having chosen the alliance initially. In the worst-case scenario, the Shionel Confederation would become a colony of the Britannian Empire.

This was how the Britannian Empire operated. This was how Prime Minister Edward operated.

Unlike the warm and mutually beneficial harmony that the Kandrian Empire tended to engage in, the Britannian Empire was cold and domineering. It forced its lessers to kneel with their heads to the ground under its boots. Unlike the Sekigahara Confederate, which left only ruins behind, or the Republic of Gorteau, which only sought to squeeze capital from its victims, the Britannian Empire looked down on everybody and everything else.

"Make up your mind, boy." Edward's cold sneer broke Rui out of his stupor. "What's it going to be? Live to fight another day and abandon the Shionel Confederation, or use the power that you have now to risk your life to protect the Shionel Confederation for as long as you can until reinforcements from the Kandrian Empire come along?"

RUMBLE!

The intensifying tremors reminded everyone of the haste of the matter.

"Your Highness?" Prime Minister Edward smiled. "What's the matter? You were so lively just a minute ago."

Rui glared at him with deep bloodlust.

Yet, the prime minister merely relished in it with glee.

"When you inevitably choose to run away with your tail tucked between your legs…" Edward's tone was sharp. "I want you to look the guildmaster in the eye and tell him that you betrayed him."

Rui's rage heightened while Prime Minister Edward's cruel smile widened. "I want you to look the guildmaster in the eyes and tell him that you're abandoning him."

The Prime Minister's piercing gaze bore into Rui's eyes.

In their depths stirred an endless darkness.

A void.

Awoken by the emotions that boiled deep within.

Edward's smile widened as he walked over to Rui, never once breaking eye contact. His bodyguards stiffened, yet they didn't follow him.

The closer he got, the more he was at risk.

Yet, not even the slightest hint of fear could be seen in his eyes.

He arrived by Rui's side, entirely at the mercy of Rui and the Kandrian Sages.

"Three minutes left." His piercing gaze bore into Rui's dark eyes. "Time's running out, little prince."

His cruel smile widened.

"So, what's it going to be?"

RUMBLE!

The tremoring intensified by the second.



Chapter 2352: Grave Choices

﻿

Rui closed his eyes and fell into thought.

Whatever choice he made, he needed to make it soon.

If he chose to stay, then they were at risk of dying to an excess of Martial Sages. Including his own bodyguards as well as the two Martial Sages of the Shionel Confederation, their side only had five Martial Sages.

It was very likely that Prime Minister Edward had sent more than five Sages in this little assault.

On top of that, his own bodyguards, the formidable Sage Knights of the Britannian Empire, were also part of the equation. Together, they undoubtedly possessed Martial Sages in excess of the protection that the Shionel Confederation possessed.

If Rui chose to fight, there was a good chance he would die at the hands of a Sage.

Under ordinary circumstances, that was.

His father had informed him that he was not going to die at the hands of a Martial Sage via prophecy.

However, it was possible that that was because Rui chose to evacuate in the foreseen future. That future might change if Rui, having heard the prophecy, chose to stay and fight.

On top of that, it didn't mean that the three Martial Sages who were participating as his bodyguards wouldn't die. Strong as Damian was, he wasn't invincible and could still be overwhelmed by numbers.

The last thing that Rui wanted to do was make a decision that could lead to the death of one of the Sages of the Kandrian Empire. The death of any one of them was more than the Kandrian Empire was able to tolerate, especially in these grave circumstances.

Still, was he going to abandon the nation and the man who had just decided to place his trust in him?

If he abandoned the Shionel Confederation at this altar, then not only was the nation doomed, but the Kandrian Empire would suffer a heavy blow that it would be unable to recover from. RUMBLE!

The tremors intensified once more, snapping him out of his thoughts.

"Your Highness..." Sage Roschem's tone was urgent. "We need to-"

"I have decided."

Rui's powerful voice seemed to cleave past the Sage's words.

His eyes opened.

In their depth stirred endless darkness.Nôv(el)B\\jnn

"We will fight." Rui's expression grew severe.

Sage Damian's grin widened at Rui's words. "Hah, I knew I was right about you!"

Sage Roschem, on the other hand, was not so pleased by the fact that they were not retreating. "Your Highness..."

"I will handle the incoming Masters," Rui replied. "You guys handle the incoming Sages. We stall for as long as possible."

Sage Roschem stared at him with a grave expression. "Your Highness, that is deeply unwise. The reinforcements from the Kandrian Empire will not be able to make it in time if the forces of the enemy alliance are too great."

"We have to try." Rui narrowed his eyes. "Kandria will suffer much greater losses if the world learns that we ran away instead of protecting allies that we swore to protect from the threats of the alliance. Now quick! We don't have much time left."

Relief emerged on the guildmaster's face as he was reassured of aid from the Kandrian Empire.

Prime Minister Edward's smile, however, only grew more sinister.

This was exactly what he wanted.

He was afraid that the prince would make the sensible decision of retreating from the Shionel Confederation, leaving the nation to fend for itself against the wrath of the enemy alliance.

He had purposely tailored his words to make it impossible for the Void Prince to leave without destroying his relationship with the Shionel Confederation and the guildmaster, effectively shackling the Dawnbringer to protect the nation on the Master-level front.

This was the only way to kill him.

With the protection of the Martial Sages at his disposal, it was almost impossible to assassinate him, and with the artifact that allowed for instantaneous transportation back home, there was no way that they could rely on overwhelming military power to break past his defenses.

He needed the prince to volunteer to fight in a situation where he was bound to die. "It is a shame that I will be unable to witness the despair born from helplessness in your eyes." Prime Minister Edward smiled as his bodyguards manipulated heaven and earth to elevate him away. "I want you to remember the desperation you feel today."

BOOM!

They blasted out of his office before disappearing in a single flash.

RUMBLE!

The tremoring intensified.

Rui estimated that they had no more than a minute left.

"I just received an intelligence report from the surveillance corp." Guildmaster Bradt's tone grew urgent. "The forces are approaching from the West. We must intercept them before they can reach the border!"

Rui got up, narrowing his eyes. "Let's go."

WHOOSH!

The four of them leaped into action, activating their Realms of power as they surged across the Shionel Confederation at extraordinary speeds. Normally, it was the norm to not use temporary reserves of power for travel, but in this case, the situation was too urgent. Rui didn't expect a fight this quickly, but he wasn't necessarily complaining. He knew that he was going to be outnumbered heavily, without any shadow of a doubt. The Shionel Confederation only had fifteen Martial Masters, even after Rui broke some of them through. Meanwhile, he had no doubt that the enemy Martial Masters were going to be packing large numbers.

The strategic outlook was terrible.

Any ordinary Martial Master would undoubtedly be despairing at the terrible odds that they

were facing.

No Martial Master was pleased to have to deal with the fact that they would be fighting multiple Masters at once.

Yet, despite the immense pressure that had mounted on Rui, he was unable to suppress the

smile that cracked at the edge of his mouth.

He was unable to suppress the rising battle lust that erupted from deep within him.

He was unable to suppress the euphoria that had consumed him from within.

A battle that would push him to his limits and beyond.

He looked forward to it.



Chapter 2353: Sole Defender

﻿

The Martial Assault Force that surged in the direction of the Shionel Confederation at high speeds had two goals.

Destruction.

And Death.

Specifically, the death of one person.

The Void Prince.n/ô/vel/b//in dot c//om

The Prime Minister had personally assured the Master-level force that they would get the opportunity to fight the Void Prince with a massive numeric advantage if he did authorize the attack. Although they weren't sure whether he had succeeded, they would still fulfill their mission to the best of their abilities.

Destruction was all but too easy for Martial Artists of the higher Realms.

BOOOOOM BOOOOOM BOOOOOM!!!

As they surged toward the Shionel Confederation, they unleashed their power, wrecking the complex network of roads and transportation infrastructure that the Shionel Confederation and especially Guildmaster Bradt relied on.

It didn't matter who won the battle.

The Shionel Confederation had already begun to pay the price for antagonizing the alliance. The world would understand the consequences of defying the three Sage-level powerhouses. This was the message that Prime Minister Edward was intent on spreading to all of East Panama. He wanted all future allies to remember what would happen if they chose to ally with the Kandrian Empire. He especially wanted the other undecided Sage-level powerhouses to take a good look at the events that were unfolding and remember the consequences of siding with the Kandrian Empire.

BOOOOOM BOOOOOM BOOOOOM!!!

Years' and even decades' worth of accumulated infrastructure that had been built to accommodate high-speed carriages were destroyed in the shortest of split seconds. The only inhibition that attackers had was ensuring that they didn't go too far and minimize casualties, lest they wind up getting targeted by the Panamic Martial Federation for their Martial Crimes.

BOOOOOM BOOOOOM BOOOOOM!!!

They carpet-bombed everything of even remotely great value that they could find as they shot toward the Shionel Confederation unimpeded.

Until, of course, they were impeded.

BOOOOOOOOOM!!!

The enemy Martial Sages stiffened as they blocked a devastating attack landing on them from afar, halting their entire force where they stood.

"Hahaha! Looks like you maggots aren't too weak after all!" Sage Damian grinned. His bloodlust heightened as he sensed the strength of his enemies from a distance. "It wouldn't be fun if that alone was enough to take all of you out!"

His grin widened as his Martial Heart, Mind, and Soul blazed with power, reaching

extraordinary heights.

From within the depths of his being, his Martial Embodiment bloomed in all its ephemeral glory.

The world beheld his destruction.

Every ounce of power he had ever accumulated in his entire life was for the sake of destroying his opponents.

He had mastered every form of offensive field Martial Art known to the Martial World and had reached a realm of destruction that very few beings in the world had ever come to reach.

It was his Martial Path and his Martial Embodiment.

Destruction itself.

Yet, destruction held different meanings to different people.

Some people saw an endless inferno that reduced everything to ash.

Others saw a cataclysmic meteorite that wiped out all life in the entire world.

A few saw catastrophic earthquakes leveling everything everywhere.

No two people beheld the same form of destruction.

Yet, they all saw destruction when they looked at him, nonetheless.

"He has come," the Martial Sage leading the Martial Assault Force remarked with a sharp expression as he drew an enormous greatsword from his scabbard. "This place will become a devastating battlefield. Masters, circle around and continue the operation at the Shionel Confederation. You must kill the Void Prince as soon as possible."

The many Martial Masters simply issued a brief curt nod before disappearing in the blink of an eye, leaving the ten Martial Sages behind.

"Here they come," the leader of the Sage-level force, Sage Shaia, commented with a calm and composed expression. "We outnumber them two to one. I will handle Damian myself, and the rest of you will kill the remaining Sages quickly. Then, we will head over and kill the Void Prince if he isn't already dead. After that..."

His eyes narrowed. "We capture the Shionel Confederation. No more. No less. We will do exactly what we were paid to do."

The strongest Martial Sage of the Republic of Gorteau had no intention of lifting even a single finger beyond executing the contract that he signed with Prime Minister Edward.

He didn't care about the war.

He only cared about how lucrative his commissions would become due to how heavily needed his services were.

The Martial Sages from the Britannian Empire and the Sekigahara Confederate frowned with disdain and disapproval towards him, yet they didn't have a choice.

He was the leader of the operation.

BOOOOOM BOOOOOM BOOOOOM!!!

A volley of devastatingly powerful attacks converged on them before they could even

respond.

SLASH!!!

In a single smooth stroke, Sage Shaia's greatsword cleaved through all of Damian's attacks with effortless ease. His eyes shifted as he swept his gaze over to the five Martial Sages that shot towards them at high speeds.

"You are brave to fight us all head-on, Damian," Sage Shaia remarked with a cold voice. "Unfortunately, bravado will not be enough for you or your friends to survive the battle." Damian's grin widened even further while the bloodlust in his eyes spread even deeper. "Hah, we'll see about that!"

BO00000000OM!!!

A devastating explosion erupted as the Martial Sages clashed against each other.

Heaven and earth mourned as fifteen forces of nature in human form unleashed their calamitous power against each other, fighting desperately to cull their opponents and win the

battle.

The defending Sages were of a dark disposition.

They would have to fight more than one Martial Sage at once.

And while none of them were weak, such lopsided numbers were merely a recipe for disaster.

It would be a miracle if all of them came out of this alive.

RUMBLE!!!

While the Sages began their devastating battle, the Martial Masters surged towards the Shionel Confederation, only to find a lone Martial Master waiting on the battlefield.

A hungering darkness stirred in the depths of his eyes, waiting for them.



Chapter 2354: Convergence

﻿

They didn't expect him to fight them all by himself.

Yet, there he was.

All by himself.

Dozens of Masters against one.

They should have felt triumphant.

They should have felt certain.

They should have felt confident.

Yet, when they beheld the maelstrom of peril that emanated within the depths of his dark

eyes...

They only felt fear.

It was hard to describe.

It was hard to comprehend.

His Heart and Mind were dormant, yet somehow, he made them feel... insignificant.

Everything about him, from how he stood to how his dark eyes seemed to pierce into them, made their instincts scream with peril.

"He's just one man." A powerful masculine voice dispelled the angst that had been building up in the air. "We are dozens strong. He is but one. Our victory is all but assured. Additionally..."

The air around him boiled with unfathomable power.

"...You have me." His eyes sparkled with raw might.

In an instant, a surge of confidence and jubilation shot through the Masters as their gait grew stronger while their eyes turned more fierce.

Of course, their victory was guaranteed.

How could it not be?

After all, they had none other than Master Knight Stephen Laurenbourg, the mighty Convergence and the final grade-thirty Martial Master of East Panama, to lead them to victory.

The old man fashioned a militaristic Martial attire that bore the coat of arms of the Britannian Empire proudly. He was one of the most authoritative and influential members of the Britannian Empire, second only to the Sages and Prime Minister Edward himself. He was a proud Martial Master with a long history of serving the Britannian Empire since before the Age of Martial Art.

Normally, he considered himself above participating in such a lowly assault force.

Normally, he would not have accepted the mission that Prime Minister Edward had prepared.

That was, of course, until Edward had informed him that he might have had the opportunity to kill the Void Prince.

It was an offer that he couldn't refuse.

"I suppose I owe that crafty fox one." A faint murmur escaped him as menacing bloodlust erupted from him. Shivers crawled down the spines of the surrounding Masters while a gruesome smile appeared on his face.

He uttered a single command as they reached their sole target.

"Attack."

RUMBLE

Dozens of Martial Hearts erupted in full power as they drew their very best from the get-go. Heaven and earth shook as their Minds shined with immense vigor.

Yet, that wasn't all.

The very world came undone, swallowed whole by the tsunami of Martial Embodiments erupting from the depths of their minds. Their very existences seemed to transcend mortal limitations as their Embodiments wove together a profound tapestry.

A culmination of centuries of cultivated thought.

"Your death is all but written." Visceral bloodlust quaked in the Convergence's voice as his glorious Martial Embodiment bloomed in all its power.

A whirlpool.

One that subsumed all of heaven and earth.

A Martial Mind that had been refined for two centuries was not to be underestimated. It was a beacon of thought, the likes of which were seldom seen. It was one of his greatest sources of pride as one of the most prestigious Martial Masters in East Panama.

That was why what followed shook him to his very core.

BADUMP

Rui's Martial Heart blazed into power as the microcosm of his Martial Mind erupted with extraordinary force.

From the depths of his mind surged forth an endless darkness.

An infinite void.

One moment, the maelstrom of Martial Embodiments towering over the lone Dawnbringer stood tall and proud.

The very next?

It was gone.

Consumed.

Consumed by the supernova of information that eroded their paltry Martial Embodiments away into nothingness.

Horror lit up in the eyes of the enemy Masters as they felt the devastating weight of Rui's thought.

They gritted their teeth as they beheld a realm of cognition beyond their wildest dreams. They clenched their fists as they struggled to fathom the microcosm within the depths of his mind.

It was the reaction of every single Martial Master that ever gained the privilege of witnessing the full depth of Rui's mental power.

Even Master Stephen's expression steeled with grim severity as he realized that not only were the tales of the Dawnbringer's mental prowess entirely true, but they even, in fact, understated the truth.

"Such an existence cannot be tolerated." His eyes sharpened, sparkling with power. "Such power... must not be. I will not allow it. I shan't."

His expression grew ugly as he witnessed the awe on the faces of the Martial Masters around him at the power of Rui's Martial Mind.

Not even a minute of real time had passed since they had run into him and each and every single one of them was gazing at him with awe.

The very sight of it made his blood boil.

How dare they admire another Martial Master while he stood on the same battlefield as them?

"How dare you...?" His rage heightened.

How dare an upstart whelp who hadn't even lived half a century steal away the glory and prestige he had worked his entire life for?

"ATTACK!" he bellowed at his team. "ATTACK HIM IN THE NAME OF TRANSCENDENT

EMPEROR!"

The Britannian Martial Masters broke out of their daze as they leaped at Ruiwith fierce

bloodlust.

Dozens of Martial Artists converged upon him.

Yet, Rui didn't so much as budge.n/ô/vel/b//in dot c//om

His body was relaxed.

His expression was calm.

Serene.

Yet, he couldn't suppress a smile cracking at the edge of his mouth.

Time slowed down in his eyes as he closed them.

His internal pressure began shifting and alternating, constricting blood flow across his entire

body while loosening up intracranial cerebral pressure.

Blood surged from across his entire body to his brain, elevating his neurological activity to extraordinary levels. The entirety of his brain lit up like an inferno as his mind reached unfathomable levels of activity.

His eyes flashed blood-red when he opened them as an even deeper avalanche of information flooded the feeble minds of his enemies even as they surged forward to attack him.



Chapter 2355: Unrealized Hatred

﻿

They froze.

It didn't matter what they were doing.

It didn't matter how close their attacks were.

It didn't matter what their Martial Art or Path was.

They simply froze.

As though someone just tossed a mountain on their shoulders, forcing them to bear the burden, pushing down on them, and refusing to let them move.

That was exactly what Rui did.

The smile on his face widened as the eerie blood-red glow in his eyes brightened.

"I must say..." A faint whisper of glee escaped him as he inspected his work. "The results have exceeded my expectations."

His eyes lit up with ecstasy.

"Over half of you are paralyzed..." he mused as he inspected his handiwork. "The other half are partially incapacitated. And..."

His gaze shifted to the furious Convergence, who glared at him with deep hatred. "...Only one of you is entirely unfazed."

It was at that moment that the Martial Masters understood a deep truth that would go on to stay with them for the rest of their lives.

They were no match for Rui.

He was in a realm of his own.

Master Stephen's expression contorted with rage.

RUMBLE!!

Chills ran across the skin of the Martial Masters as the lands shook with the weight of the Convergence's fury.

Yet, where the others felt fear, Rui could only feel a single emotion.Nôv(el)B\\jnn

Ecstasy.

Gazing at the supremely powerful Martial Master, surrounded by enemy Martial Masters, made his blood boil.

He felt more alive than he had in the past two months.

It was unshackling.

Cathartic.

"This..." A single whisper escaped him as he placed his hand on his roaring heart. "This is why I came here."

He lived for this.

He lived to push the limits of his Adaptive Evolution.

"Those of you who can move..." The Convergence's faint voice quivered with rage. "... Continue forth with the mission in the Shionel Confederation. Spread destruction to the very limits that you are able to get away with. Show the world the price of antagonizing the Britannian Empire."

More than a dozen high-grade Masters gritted their teeth as they pushed forward with sheer willpower despite the mental strain that those very actions caused them.

Rui didn't bother stopping them.

There were reasons why he had instructed the Shionel Masters to stay behind.

One was because many were too mentally weak to fight in his presence and the other was so that they could intercept the Masters that managed to withstand his greatly increased flood of information.

This was the plan that Rui had cooked up and implemented on the spot before he headed to the battlefield.

He simply met the Convergence's vengeful gaze with intense bloodlust as the able Masters moved past him unimpeded.

He couldn't afford to finish them off.

He couldn't afford to waste his energy dealing with them.

If he wasted any of his precious stamina trying to kill them off...

"...I'd lose against you," he concluded as he stared at the Convergence. "You're not weak enough for me to fight in anything less than my absolute strongest."

His words seemed to evoke even more rage from the enemy.

"Boy."

RUMBLE...

He possessed such tremendous power that the sheer weight of his words sent shudders across heaven and earth.

"Your defeat at my hands is destined." The Convergence's eyes flared with raw force. "When I'm done with you, no one will ever dare impeach my prestige as the greatest Martial Master of all of Martial kind!"

The bloody darkness in Rui's red eyes stirred at his words.

A single question escaped him.

"Is that why I sense boundless hatred towards me from deep within your mind?"

It was a question that didn't belong in the middle of a battlefield.

In the middle of a war.

Yet, it struck the Convergence with a heavy impact.

"...Hatred?" The storm of emotions cleared in his eyes as a hint of clarity bloomed in them.

"My Martial Mind is much superior to yours," Rui replied with a profound tone. "Your hatred towards me is pure and unadulterated. Yet, it is hidden deep within your mind. The kind of hatred that has entrenched itself deep in your heart, festering for long but surely."

A pining curiosity lit up in Rui's eyes.

"Tell me, why do you hate me?"

The Convergence gazed at his hands as realization dawned on him.

"I see..." the old man whispered.

For the first time in many years, he took another step to the Sage Realm.

It was closer than it had ever been before.

"You have my gratitude." His voice softened. "I shall make your death painless, rest

assured."

"I mean, I would rather you didn't kill me."

"No, your death must happen," the Convergence declared. "I cannot allow a Master with even

greater prestige than myself to exist in this world."

Rui's eyebrow rose as he frowned. "That's it?"

The Convergence stared at him with a hateful glare. "I have spent more than five hundred years cultivating the prestige, glory, and renown that I have today. I'm one of the only two grade-thirty Martial Masters in all of East Panama! I am the most influential Master Knight in the entirety of the Britannian Empire! I was the undisputed greatest Master in our domain for centuries!"

Rui understood why he sensed profound hatred for him in the man's mind. "You were the greatest Master in East Panama... until I broke through to the Master Realm at half the age of the previous record."

"It was the beginning of the collapse of everything that I had ever built across my entire life." The Convergence's voice grew scathing as his eyes flared with rage. "Bit by bit, you stole everything that was once mine. Youngest Master. Crown Prince of the Kandrian Empire. Golden boy of the Martial Union. Dawnbringer. Rui the Ruinous. Jewel of the Master Realm.

And, of course..."

His eyes grew bloodshot. "The Bestower of Apotheosis was the final straw. Nobody even speaks of me when they talk about the greatest Martial Master. Nobody even thinks of me when they think of the Master Realm."

The air grew perilous as his power boiled to extraordinary levels.

"But now..." His voice quaked with bloodlust. "I have a chance. A chance to take it all back. Come dusk, the only thing people will remember of you... is that you died at my hands!"

RUMBLE!!

All hell broke loose as the two titans of the Master Realm erupted in battle.



Chapter 2356: Unfazed



The Convergence leaped towards Rui at extraordinary speeds. Speeds that far exceeded Rui's movements. Far exceeding his raw ability to evade.

And yet—

WHOOSH

He had dodged the attack before it even began. The Convergence's attack crashed into empty air as Rui gently tilted his head at precisely the right angle, at precisely the right moment.

The faintest of whispers escaped him. "I can see your SOUL."

Rui hadn't cared all too much about why the man hated him. He had just wanted to stall the man long enough so that he could create a SOUL model before the battle began. He had no true interest in the man's pathetic sob story about being outshined.

Equipped with the SOUL model as well as the predictive model, courtesy of the Angel of Laplace, he was ready to deal with the powerful peak Master at his absolute strongest.

"Your evasion is impressive, but it cannot protect you forever," Master Stephen growled.

One moment, he was merely stationary a few meters away.

Then he disappeared from Rui's gaze, appearing before him less than a microsecond later.  A tremendous blow with astronomical momentum surged forward at blinding speeds, threatening to blast Rui's head into smithereens.

Rui's reactions had been rendered useless, completely surpassed by his opponent's shocking speed.

WHOOSH

Yet, he evaded it once more.

In his weakened physical condition, he might as well have been moving in slow motion compared to the devastating speeds of the Convergence. Yet, he could foresee each attack from miles away. All it took was one moment, a single moment that existed before the inception of the attack and the decision of the attack. He needed to evade each attack before they began, yet after it was too late to change it.

A feat that required extraordinary precision and even greater foresight.

Yet—

WHOOSH WHOOSH WHOOSH!

Attack after attack, he evaded the Convergence's extraordinary blows one after another. The Convergence snarled with a hint of frustration as his enormous leg rose straight up before plummeting down at extraordinary speeds in a devastating drop kick that threatened to crush anything that it touched.

Rui barely managed to evade it with a hair's length.

Yet, he wasn't able to evade what followed.

BOOOOOOOOM!!!

"Rgh!" Rui grimaced as a devastating shockwave struck him, expanding omnidirectionally.

The titanic attack broke heaven and earth itself asunder as a crater spanning nearly a hundred kilometers in diameter emerged from under his foot. In an instant, the topography around them had changed forever, altering in the blink of an eye.

Rui gazed at him with shock as he struggled to comprehend the sheer amount of destruction the man could produce with a single attack.

He didn't understand.

He didn't understand how the man was able to produce such catastrophic output.

That wasn't to say that he was weak.

Certainly not.

His Martial Heart shined far and bright, illuminating everything around them. His Martial Mind was very powerful, undoubtedly refined, and had been expanding over the years. Yet, the sheer output this man seemed able to effortlessly produce was greater than almost anything Rui had ever seen in the Master Realm. WHOOSH

The man emerged from the dust cloud, surging at Rui with blinding speeds as a multitude of blows flew towards him with extraordinary vigor. WHOOSH WHOOSH WHOOSH!

Rui's eyes sharpened as he evaded every single one of them long before the dawn of each attack. He grew more comfortable dodging each attack one after another in rapid succession.

His movements grew smoother.

They began flowing.

Like water.

Maneuvers lost their distinction.

One could no longer tell where one maneuver ended and where the next began. A singular graceful dance that wove together in a flowing tapestry.

One that painted a picture of an ephemeral star.

An ephemeral star that one could almost grasp, yet remained forever beyond reach.

It was a sight that infuriated the Convergence, who tossed aside his reservations and exerted himself to the fullest with the sole goal of landing a single blow on Rui to take him out.

All he needed was a single attack.

He could feel it.

A single attack was enough to cripple or even kill his opponent.

For whatever reason, Rui's body seemed to be especially weak. Most likely, it was the drawback of the extraordinary technique that seemed to inflate his mind to the proportions that it was at now. Given that Rui  was dedicating everything to evasion, Master Stephen could surmise that his goal was to stall his inevitable loss and wait for reinforcements.

"I won't let you evade the outcome of this match."

RUMBLE

An even greater surge of power erupted from deep within the man's body. Not even Rui was able to fully understand where it came from, yet Master Stephen lunged forward with an extraordinarily aggressive offensive initiative.

He diverted all his power and focus towards maximal power and speed, dedicating everything to the sole purpose of attacking Rui and nothing else. There was no point in being defensive against a man who was dedicating all his power to evasive stalling.

And that was a mistake.

One that Rui had been waiting for. In the blink of an eye, the light of ferocity entered Rui's eyes as Master Stephen's extraordinary attack surged toward his head at astronomical speeds.

Only for it to crash into an empty image.

A feint.

WHOOSH

By the time Master Stephen realized his mistakes, it was too late to avoid the swift finger jab that shot forward at his eyes, propelled by Outer Convergence, Wind Breathing, and a potent Yin-Yang Spear.

This was what Rui had been waiting for from the very start of the fight.

He knew that in his Megamind state, his power was greatly diminished. There was no point in bombarding his opponent's powerful body with weakened attacks. What he needed was one decisive opening with one decisive attack that would land a decisive wound.

Rui had lulled his opponent into dropping his guard by manipulating him into believing that he had no intention of landing an attack and was merely stalling for reinforcements from the Kandrian Empire.

He had executed the little strategy perfectly as the entire battle culminated into a powerful finger jab crashing into the man's eyes.

SPLAT!

It was game over.

Or at least, it should have been. Nôv(el)B\\jnn

What followed happened so fast that Rui would have died on the spot had he not had both his predictive and SOUL models. He leaped away as fast as he could as he detected an incoming blow more powerful and faster than any other before.

Unfortunately, he wasn't fast enough.

CRACK CRACK CRACK!

The attack merely grazed his arm as he leaped away.

Yet, that was enough to shatter his bones into pieces, mangling his arm into a misshapen mound of flesh.

"…I underestimated you."

The Convergence opened his eyes.

They were intact, much to Rui's greatest shock.

There wasn't a single scratch or drop of blood despite the fact that he had struck them with a Yin-Yang Spear.

Pure power and peril radiated from the depths of the Convergence's body.

"Come," his voice shook with force. "Let us continue, Dawnbringer. Let me show you why you are no match for me."

-



Chapter 2357 Deduced Truth



Rui found it difficult to reconcile what was happening even as he reduced his Megamind technique and partially activated Weaving Blood.

His Yin-Yang Spear had undoubtedly crashed into the man's eyes. He felt the impact.

Yet somehow, the man's eyeballs had withstood the powerful attack directly.

He stared at the peak Master with shock.

He didn't even know it was possible for anybody in the Master Realm to withstand his most potent attack in a place as vulnerable as the eyes. Such a level of durability was something he would only ever expect from Martial Sages.

"Did you really think your paltry offensive could hurt me?" He stared at Rui with dark eyes. "I will show you that you were foolish to have ever challenged me alone."

His voice was fierce.

Yet, Rui had no intention of losing his cool.

His thought was his greatest power, and losing his rationality at this juncture would undermine all the benefits of the Megamind technique.

Time slowed down in his eyes as he fell into thought.

There was no way Master Stephen's Martial Body was strong enough to tank a Yin-Yang Spear, weakened or not, to his eyeball without so much as a scratch. The Gatekeeper's Body and Heart were astronomically more powerful than his, and Rui highly doubted that even he would be capable of that. It was not raw durability.

The Convergence was not famed for his extraordinary physique or conditioning. He was famed for the seemingly endless raw energy that he was conjuring up out of seemingly nowhere.

In fact, from the looks of it, Rui was unable to detect any signs of conditioning whatsoever. It further reinforced Rui's conclusion that he had withstood the attack not through innate durability or toughness but rather some kind of active technique that allowed him to mitigate the damage.

Rui's eyes lit up as a thought entered his mind.

'Could it be that he dispersed the impact into the environment?'

If he had employed some kind of technique like Flux Earther, then Rui could understand how he managed to withstand the attack in theory. Although, in practice, it was still an absurd feat to accomplish, especially when he had been caught off-guard and especially when the impact was on his eyeballs.

Yet, there was only one problem with his hypothesis.

'I didn't sense any energy discharge into heaven and earth,' he frowned. 'Could it be that he somehow managed to disperse that energy into the environment without me noticing…? No, that's impossible, especially when I'm using the Megamind technique.'

With how powerful his senses were in this state, not even Master Reina would be able to sneak anything past him. Then, it begged the question.

'Where did the energy of my attack go?'

Rui's eyes widened as a grim possibility entered his mind. He glanced at his healed arm as he recollected the attack that broke it. Despite it being a wild, abrupt haymaker, it was somehow stronger and faster than even the charged and weighted attacks that he launched before. Where did that surge in power come from?

Rui's eyes widened with shock. 'Did he absorb the energy of attack and then use it for his own attack?'

The Convergence was one of the strongest Martial Masters ever, feared for his seemingly endless reservoir of energy that never ran out and attacks that only seemed to grow stronger and stronger.

"Focus, boy."

WHOOSH!

He arrived before Rui at astronomical speeds, threatening to destroy with a single attack.

WHOOSH!

Rui barely avoided it, leaping back as his expression grew even more grim than before. The Convergence, however, refused to give him even the slightest bit of reprieve, launching a maelstrom of attacks at Rui.

WHOOSH WHOOSH WHOOSH!

Rui bobbed and weaved through all of them as his reflexes sharpened.

Yet, the Convergence was only getting started. His fighting style shifted as he forewent slower and longer attacks at the cost of greater speed and greater frequency at the cost of power.

It was a wise decision.

Rui's condition was so weak that he didn't even need his full power to ravage his body with a single strike. His attacks grew increasingly difficult to evade as his power and speed only rose. He almost certainly would have gotten hit if not for the astronomical foresight that his Megamind technique gave him, allowing him to foresee each attack long before it came, having extrapolated it from his patterns and read his intent at its inception.

"You seem to have figured out my secret."

Rui's eyes widened as he sharply ducked, evading a kick that threatened to knock his head off. He summersaulted away as he evaded a dropkick that struck the ground.

BOOOOOOOOM!!!

A devastating impact sundered the land around them, yet the Convergence had already reached him, launching a barrage of destructive jabs that threatened to reduce Rui into a battered mound of flesh.

WHOOSH WHOOSH WHOOSH!!!

Rui bounced about his strikes, evading his jabs one after another with sharp evasive maneuvers.

"Is dodging all you can do, boy?" the Convergence growled as he ferociously leaped after Rui, threatening to tear him apart with his bare hands. "Is this all the great Rui Quarrier is able to do?!"

WHOOSH WHOOSH WHOOSH!!! Nôv(el)B\\jnn

The slightest shifts across his entire body barely allowed Rui to narrowly avoid some of the fastest attacks he had ever been attacked with. He couldn't even see the man move, yet, he knew where his attacks were.

He knew where they would be. WHOOSH WHOOSH WHOOSH!!!

Rui leaped away, having evaded yet another furious barrage of attacks. Their exchanges had grown so intense, sharp, and pressuring that Rui found it difficult to even have complete thoughts about his strategic approach to the battle despite his Megamind technique.

'I cannot attack him conventionally,' Rui's eyes narrowed. 'He'll just absorb my attacks and turn it into his power. It would be foolish to attack him with ordinary collision-based damage principles.'

That didn't leave him with too many options, unfortunately.

-



Chapter 2358 Not Holding Back



It was in moments like these that Rui mourned not having had greater offensive diversity. If an impact-driven offensive were ineffective against his opponent, then most of his arsenal would be rendered useless against the Convergence.

Rui's expression grew grave as he continued evading the man's powerful and relentless offensive by a hair's edge, as he pushed himself to come up with a winning strategy that would allow him to not only survive but also win.

WHOOSH WHOOSH WHOOSH!!

'Think.' He evaded three more blows. 'No impacts and no collisions, nothing that gives him the opportunity to steal the energy of my attacks. What does that leave me?'

Not much, but it wasn't as though he was toothless without his collisions.

He had hypnosis, for one. Rui highly doubted whether the man could absorb hypnosis the way he absorbed normal attacks. After all, hypnosis did not transfer energy from the user to the target.

There were several domain techniques that were still useful because they didn't rely on kinetic energy to hurt his opponent. He was sure that even if the man could absorb the heat of Muspelheim, he couldn't absorb the cold of Niflheim or the drag force of the Speed Void technique.

WHOOSH WHOOSH WHOOSH!

He pirouetted out of the way of several devastatingly powerful wind projectiles that threatened to blow holes in his body.

"Little rat!" Master Stephen snarled with frustration. What Rui was most uncertain about was grappling. However, he doubted that the man was defenseless against such a primary form of combat. On top of that, strength and power gaps were the most decisive variables in grappling, and this was an area where he was significantly inferior to his opponent. This was especially true when considering his physically weakened state.

Thus, he ruled it out for the time being.

He had a few more techniques here and there that were devoid of any elements of impact and collision-driven damage-dealing elements. However, none of them were particularly able to fix his problem of their own merit.

'If I am to do this…' Rui's expression grew more intense. 'I will need to use all of them in a manner that maximizes their contributions to my victory in the most effective manner possible.'

In actuality, the Megamind technique was not the most effective Metabody technique against the Convergence. The fact of the matter was that he had already significantly crossed the threshold of necessary brainpower against the Convergence. The remaining excess, while certainly still effective and useful, was not the most optimal configuration with which he could have fought.

Ideally, he would have liked a fifty percent Neo Godspeed and fifty percent Megamind mix in this particular circumstance; it was the most effective strategy and was the best way to adaptively evolve against this particular opponent.

Unfortunately, it was not a strategy that he could go for.

His gaze shifted to the incapacitated Masters.

If he lowered his Megamind Metabody, even more Martial Masters would be free to go to pursue their second mission regarding the Shionel confederation. He couldn't allow that. The whole reason that he was even fighting in the first place was to protect the Shionel Confederation. He couldn't allow them to go, and the already burdened Masters of the nation were undoubtedly having difficulty.

"You dare to look away from me?"

SPLAT!

A cut appeared on his neck as he barely managed to evade being decapitated by a simple elbow jab.

Yet, the sheer speed and power of his strikes were so high that his elbow was able to cleave his flesh apart like it was paper.

When it came to raw power and speed, this man was in a dimension above Rui.

If Rui wanted to defeat him, he would need to use every ounce of information that he had collected and figure out the best way to kill him using the tools he had.

It was at moments like these that the Megamind was most useful.

Time slowed down to a crawl in his blood-red eyes as his mind surged with thought. Countless possible plans involving the viable elements of his Martial Art in countless different ways surged in his mind as he tried thinking of ways that he could kill his opponent.

Almost all of them were failures.

It couldn't be helped.

Almost all of them ended in his death because his opponent was just too strong in too many different ways. His combat parameters far surpassed Rui's, allowing him to simply overcome almost anything that Rui could possibly do. The keyword being 'almost.'

There was one possible circumstance where he ended up securing victory.

A single chance of victory.

To anybody else, that knowledge would bring despair.

To Rui, however, that knowledge brought him hope.

It was his greatest strength.

For as long as he was a Martial Artist, it was his greatest strength.

Time and time again, he turned a one in a hundred, one in a thousand, one in a million into actuality by active intervention.

His foresight had always far exceeded that of his opponents, and to this day, he had yet to find someone who could match him in that regard.

Even as he continued evading his opponent's frenzied attacks, an electric smile cracked at the edge of his mouth.

'I might die.'

He could feel it.

Yet, it didn't inspire fear.

No.

It only brought him ecstasy.

A powerful opponent who could push him to his adaptive evolution to the very limit.

WHOOSH WHOOSH WHOOSH!

Rui evaded three more attacks with vigor, leaping away. His posture was sharp as he expected to foresee the Convergence chasing after him doggedly.

Yet, for once, the man did not, much to Rui's surprise.

The elder Martial Master heaved a sigh.

"Your insights and foresight into your opponent are unlike anything I've ever seen in my entire life." His voice was calm, much to Rui's chagrin. "You are indeed impressive. As much as I detest you for stealing everything that I've ever worked for in my life. You are indeed worthy of the prestige and renown that you have gained. That is why…"

His eyes flared with power.

Chills went down Rui's spine as more power than anything he had ever felt from a Martial Master began unfurling from deep within his body.

"…That is why I've decided to stop holding back." RUMBLE!!

Rui's eyes widened as what felt like a second Martial Heart erupted from deep within his body.

"Allow me to show you my single greatest technique…" His body shook with force. "One that allows me to not only absorb energy from my opponents but also store it as mechanical potential energy in my body, waiting to be used as a second reservoir of power." Nôv(el)B\\jnn

Rui's eyes widened with shock at that explanation.

"My greatest accomplishment…" his tone was chilling. "…My magnum opus. Yet, nobody knows it exists. Because everyone who has ever seen it…"

His eyes sharpened with bloodlust. "…is dead."

BOOOOOOOM!!!

He blasted forward at mind-numbing velocities as a destructive attack of unparalleled lethality shot forward, threatening to erase Rui from existence.

-



Chapter 2359 Out Of Control



Had Rui not employed Temporal Disharmony moments before the man moved, he would have undoubtedly been dead.

WHOOSH!

Rui barely evaded the coursing incoming blow with the powerful hypnotic impediment. His hypnosis had always been extremely potent, far more so than the norm, but especially so when he was in his Megamind state.

Time sped up to a blinding blur in the Convergence's eyes.

He lost sight of Rui.

He lost sight of the world.

He lost sight of his own body.

The technique worked.

Yet, the consequences of its success were more grave than he had expected.

BOOOOOOOOOMMMMM!!!

The devastating power of a Martial Master erupted out of his control of his Martial Mind.

Each step shattered heaven and earth asunder, leaving a vast valley in his wake. Each movement the Convergence made set the entire atmosphere for a hundred kilometers ablaze due to the sheer friction his movements had with the world around him. RUMBLE!!!

A truly mind-boggling amount of seismic and sonic radiation exploded from his being as a result of every movement he made.

Every twitch produced an unfathomable amount of energy output, sinking into the radiation.

All because the Convergence's Martial Mind was extraordinarily lagging behind his Body.

Ordinarily, each Master possessed the power to bring the world around them to ruin with the simplest of gestures.

Even a sneeze could ravage a town.

Yet, this seldom happened.

All because Martial Masters possessed an extraordinary level of control of power over their power thanks to their heightened cognition, allowing them to ensure that not an iota of power went to waste in the environment as a result of their efficiency.

That was why Masters were known as Masters.

They were masters of their own power.

Yet, Rui's hypnosis in this state of mind was so potent that it crippled his mind, causing the fine control it had over his Body to disappear.

Yet, that wasn't all. In the case of Master Stephen, not only did his mind fall far behind, but his special technique caused his body to surge quite ahead of his mind, leading to a particularly devastating imbalance and power that went out of control.

And out of control, it went indeed.

One moment, he was a dignified Martial Master with grace in his control.

The very next, he became an abominable Master who unleashed an unfathomable amount of power with each movement he made.

Normally, that would have worked in his favor.

But unfortunately, the power he outputted was so great that he couldn't even step near the man without being ravaged.

"WHAT HAVE YOU DONE TO ME?!" The Martial Master roared as the force of his voice shook the very world around him. "I WILL KILL YOU! YOU HEAR ME?! I WILL KILL YOU IF IT'S THE LAST THING I DO!"

His fury had reached a whole new echelon of intensity.

It bubbled into his mind, eroding away his rationality as his decisions became increasingly driven by emotion instead of thought.

He was beyond applying the systems of thought of his Martial Mind.

Of course, all his systems of thought were centered around his energy absorption and application, which he simply didn't get to do because Rui had only struck him a single time. And Rui didn't intend to give him an opportunity to change that.

He didn't expect this to happen, but he didn't complain. His mind raced into thought as it incorporated the new variables that came into action as a result of the stunning anti-synergetic combination of the man's energy storage and Rui's Temporal Disharmony.

"I SAID I'LL KILL YOU!!!" BOOOOOM!!!

He shot at Rui's direction with blinding speed, threatening to reduce him to dust with a single blow. An attack of unrivaled lethality.

WHOOSH!!!

Rui leaped back at the most optimal moment, avoiding absolute death by millimeters.

What he couldn't avoid, however, was the powerful energy output that came with each blow. BOOOM!!

The devastating shockwave struck him, threatening to shatter his weakened constitution.

Unfortunately for the bloodlusted Convergence, Rui had foreseen it coming.

It wasn't easy applying the Flux Earther to high-pressure waves of sound, which was why he couldn't do it as well, but nonetheless, he not only pulled the technique off but even took a page from his opponent's playbook.

He channeled his opponent's energy for his own attacks.

"Niflheim." A single whisper escaped him while the very world around them began freezing over. It froze over as the realm of frost descended upon heaven and earth.

In an instant, it began snowing as the humidity in the air began condensing spontaneously. The land around them froze for a while, and the temperature even lowered. Within moments, drops of oxygen and nitrogen began depositing in the world around them. Yet, it was unable to cool down the rage that burned in the depths of the Convergence's eyes.

He couldn't absorb the cold.

"YOUR WORTHLESS DOMAIN CANNOT HURT ME, BOY!" A guttural roar escaped him as he desperately leashed out against Rui with a barrage of wild attacks that threatened to flatten Rui should they have landed.

Yet, they didn't.

WHOOSH WHOOSH WHOOSH!

Blow after blow, Rui sidestepped everything that was thrown at him. Nôv(el)B\\jnn

The attacks were blindingly fast, reduced to indistinct blurs that left ruinous destruction that spread out around them unhampered.

"HYRAGH!" His kick cleaved through the atmosphere with such force that it left an inferno behind as it surged towards him.

WHOOSH!

Rui ducked sharply before summersaulting away at the nick of the moment.

BOOOOOOM!!!

A powerful drop-kick ravaged the world asunder at the very spot he was less than a microsecond prior.

"AAAAARRRGHH!!!" the Convergence snarled with deep frustration as he unleashed a furious onslaught of attacks that threatened to crush Rui where he stood. Yet, despite that, not only did none of them touch him, but Rui strengthened his domain more and more with each wave of destructive power that the man unleashed.

A poetic scene of profound contrast unfolded before the few who could even witness the ongoing battle.

A Master with unparalleled energy and power over which he was losing control, fighting against one with far less power but extraordinary control over what little power he had.

A battle that would play a bigger role in the future of East Panama raged outside the Shionel Confederation.



