Chapter 2220  Overcome Prediction



It wasn't that Rui knew for a fact that Master Kaijin was stronger than him. It was just a gut instinct that he had already been warned to not trust in the Master Realm. After all, Martial Masters were unfathomable beings in the complexity of their power.

Yet, despite that, it was hard for Rui to ignore his instincts in this matter.

The man had an overwhelming, thick, and suffocating aura.

Almost as if he was a fortress looming over his hapless opponents.

He was undoubtedly a striking-oriented Martial Artist. However, Rui was unsure whether he leaned more defensive or offensive. He would have to find out in battle.

"Not coming?" Master Kaijin raised an eyebrow. "In that case…"

His eyes sharpened.

The air grew more perilous.

It happened far quicker than Rui could have ever imagined.

WHOOSH!

In the blink of an eye, he had already arrived before Rui. A palm jab flew towards Rui at a blurringly high speed, threatening to take his head off.

It was within Rui's prediction.

WHOOSH!

"Oh?" Master Kaijin raised an eyebrow as Rui evaded the jab with the slightest sidestep. Yet, he was undeterred.

WHOOSH WHOOSH WHOOSH!

A flurry of powerful palm jabs surged forward, threatening to impale Rui. Yet, they couldn't even come close to touching him as he swayed just the right amount to evade each blow.

He had already formed a predictive model of his opponent, allowing him to foresee his incoming attacks based on prior passive pattern data collected by the Angel of Laplace. All he needed to do was step out of each incoming attack moments before it arrived at him.

Unfortunately, a trump card that had won him all battles in the Lower Realms was no longer the game-ender it once was.

BOOOM!

Rui gritted his teeth as he barely managed to throw together a guard. An attack defied his prediction, finding its mark on him despite his preemptive evasion. If not for Flux Earther, he would not have walked away with his bones intact.

Yet, that wasn't all.

DRIP DRIP…

Rui glanced at the blood on the fingertips of the Master's jabbing palm.

Flux Earther was harder to use against piercing attacks—it was exclusively designed to work on blunt force attacks, ideally punches.

"…Insufficient." A murmur escaped Rui as he came to realize that his defense was too narrow. The technique had served him extremely well in the Lower Realms, however, it was clearly lacking in the upper Realms. For Martial Artists at this juncture, progression was capable of harnessing more forms of offense than just blunt force.

He would need to amend this shortcoming.

"Focus, boy."

WHOOSH!

Rui's eyes widened as he barely managed to evade yet another jab.

Or he thought.

BAM!! He shielded himself as the trajectory of the attack defied his predictive model, blasting him with a powerful jab-turned-whip.

This was the second time.

The second time in a row that the man defied his predictive model.

Yet, Master Kaijin was only getting started.

WHOOSH WHOOSH WHOOSH!

Rui bobbed and weaved about each attack carefully, equally wary and curious about the man's ability to defy his predictive model.

Each attack the man delivered was heavy.

Even when he didn't charge them, even though they were merely low-effort jabs, they were far stronger than Rui's average blows.

He couldn't afford to tank them in the long run.

"Is dodging all you can do?"

BOOOM!! A powerful blow landed on Rui with devastating momentum.

CRACK!

Rui leaped away as he momentarily activated Weaving Blood, healing the cracked bone in the blink of an eye. He was now certain that this man possessed a system of thought that allowed him to defy his own patterns. It was a concerning revelation to Rui.

Yet, it was his opponent that was displeased. Master Kaijin's eyes flared with rage.

"You dare?"

Rui raised an eyebrow.

"You dare disrespect me, your elder, by holding back?" he growled with fury. "In the Sekigahara Confederate, you would be beaten to death for such a travesty!"

Rui furrowed his eyebrows.

It appeared that Sekigaharan culture was even more martial than he thought.

"Idiot." Rui gestured around them. "We're in a war, moron. If I waste all my stamina on you, then I'll be dead the second this battle is over."

Rui hadn't forgotten the point of the battle either. He was fighting to protect the Kandrian Empire, and stalling out the battle for long was a good thing.

Master Kaijin stared at him blandly for a moment.

Almost as if he wasn't sure of what to say to such level-headed reasoning.

"I see, you're right. I should have considered your circumstances."

Rui was surprised at how reasonable the man was. "I appreciate tha—!"

He froze as a horrifying wave of peril washed over him.

"I'm going to get serious now." Master Kaijin's voice was low. "Let's see if you can worry about what's going to happen after this battle when you have to deal with my full power."

He activated his first breathing technique of the battle.

And it was only then that Rui realized he had been fighting without one the entire time.

He leaped back in alarm, yet he was a beat too late. n/ô/vel/b//in dot c//om

WHOOSH!

Master Kaijin appeared before Rui in the briefest of moments, launching an even faster attack that threatened to decapitate him then and there.

SPLAT

Rui barely managed to evade death, suffering a wound on his cheek as he leaped away, maintaining his distance.

He couldn't trust his predictive model with this man.

That, on top of his superior speed, meant that he needed to maintain his distance; moreover, he also couldn't use the Yin-Yang Spear without his predictive model.

"Does my Insightbreaker throw you that much off-guard?"

BOOOM!!

Rui grimaced as he barely managed to disperse the man's damage on his body, leaping away as he opened the distance between them. He swiftly launched a barrage of Transverse Resonances against his opponent from a distance.

Yet, Master Kaijin was hardly perturbed.

BOOM BOOM BOOM!!

He cleaved through the bullets of sound that Rui fired at him effortlessly.

-



Chapter 2221  Converging Domain



He was unperturbed by Rui's meager attempts.

"Is that the best that you can do?" Master Kaijin narrowed his eyes. "You think you have the leeway to hold back?"

His expression flared with rage.

"Let's see how long you can continue with that."

WHOOSH!

With a single step, he arrived before Rui with devastating power and speed.

"Breathing Crucifix."

The man froze as he choked, struggling to breathe.

BOOOM!!!

"Rgh…!" He grimaced as a thundering Yin-Yang Spear crashed into his abdomen, unguarded. Master Kaijin was shocked at the sheer amount of destructive power that Rui was able to impart in a single blow. He didn't even understand where the power of the technique came from, considering how greatly it exceeded the visible momentum of his opponent's body.

It was as though the technique was able to conjure up power out of nowhere.

"You're right." Rui's calm and composed voice reached him. "I can't afford to hold back much against you."

A flash of determination flickered in his eyes.

"Hah!" Master Kaijin grinned. "Alright then, I'll show you my full power!!"

His expression grew labored as he fought against Breathing Crucifix with all his might, barely able to activate a single breathing technique at all.

Ever since Rui broke through to the Master Realm, the hypnomatrix had become especially powerful due to the immense power of his mind. It could seal the breathing techniques of his opponents almost entirely, requiring them to struggle to use techniques that they would ordinarily be able to use effortlessly. n/ô/vel/b//jn dot c//om

Yet, Master Kaijin's eyes grew bloodshot as they began bleeding with effort. He pushed himself to the very limit, forcing his diaphragm to move with sheer will and determination.

The breathing technique he activated was special.

One that stirred the heavens.

"Heavenly Spear Style." A whisper escaped him. "Convergence."

Chills crawled across Rui's skin as he leaped away at full speed, yet it was too late.

He had already been caught in his opponent's domain.

BOOOM!!

A flood of air pushed him towards Master Kaijin. The sheer amount of force that pushed at him was so high that it beggared the imagination.

It was irresistible.

Master Kaijin grinned with anticipation as his domain refused to allow his opponents to escape him, pulling them to him against their will.

His domain was something he had constructed as a solution to ranged fighters and quick opponents who dodged his powerful palm jabs.

It created a steep pressure gradient from the exterior of the domain to the center, causing powerful wind currents to pull anybody within the field of his domain to him.

Once they were firmly within striking range, there was no escape from his grip.

"You're dead!" he bellowed once Rui reached his striking range once more.

Master Kaijin's body coiled as he drew even greater power than ever before as he stopped holding back. His palm jab brimmed with power as he prepared himself to kill his opponent with a single blow while his convergence domain refused to allow Rui to escape him.

"Die!" The powerful blow surged toward Rui at blinding speeds, threatening to blast a hole in him.

WHOOSH

Master Kaijin's eyes widened as Rui evaded the attack despite being forced to remain within close quarters.

He gritted his teeth as he prepared another blow of devastating power and speed, re-activating Insightbreaker, a system of thought in his Martial Mind. The system of thought focused on defying his opponent's expectations at the highest level, allowing him to overcome his opponent's combat prowess with as little effort as possible.

It was what he had used to overcome Rui's pattern recognition system.

Unfortunately for him, Rui's Martial Mind had diversified a lot since then.

WHOOSH WHOOSH WHOOSH!

His eyes widened as Rui evaded his blows despite the Insightbreaker working at full power. Not even the Convergence domain that forced Rui to stay within his striking range at all distances was enough for him to land a single blow on Rui.

WHOOSH

Rui calmly sidestepped a devastatingly powerful jab that threatened to take off his head.

Yet, as long as Master Kaijin couldn't touch him, it didn't matter.

WHOOSH WHOOSH WHOOSH

Despite the pressure from the convergence domain refusing to let him step back, Rui still evaded each blow by a thin margin.

"Rgh…!" Master Kaijin struggled to maintain his domain under the shackles of Rui's immensely powerful hypnosis. Yet it was as though maintaining this level of hypnosis was effortless.

"Why can't I reach you?!" He gritted his teeth. WHOOSH!

Master Kaijin's eyes widened as his attack crashed into an empty image.

A feint.

"I can see your SOUL."

It was the last thing he heard before he died.

BOOOM!!!

An attack of extraordinary power struck his jaw, instantly knocking him out.

THUD

The domain ceased to exist as the man's unconscious body fell.

CRACK!

Rui crushed his skull with little effort.

It was the second Martial Master he had killed in the battle.

"Hmph, I guess they weren't wrong when they said you couldn't evaluate a Master's true power with instincts alone," Rui muttered. "I didn't think it was possible to overestimate them so much, though. What an idiot."

Had Rui not been trying to preserve his stamina, he could have just used his own domain against him and peppered him with sound attacks. The domain, pulling everything in with fierce pressure, would accelerate the attacks, causing them to grow stronger and inflicting serious damage on him.

In other words, he would be able to use the man's own power against him.

The only reason he went for a more time-consuming means of victory was because the Hypnomatrix and the SOUL System did not demand a lot of energy.

BOOOM!!!

Rui leaped away as several Sekigaharan Masters pounced on him the moment his battle ended.

"Tsk." He tutted as he swiftly formed predictive models on them with the Angel of Laplace. "Goddamned numeric disadvantage."

The Sekigaharans had more Martial Masters, which meant that they could choose to gang on any one or more Martial Masters.

And naturally, they chose Rui.

"Bring it on." A fierce smile cracked at the edge of his mouth. "It's time to grind for more experience."

-



Chapter 2222: Trimmed Numbers

﻿

What ensued next shocked all those who had come to witness it.

A Martial Master who had only been in the Master Realm for less than four years was ordinarily supposed to still be in their newbie phase, where they would be rehashing their Martial Art.

After all, it wasn't easy to remake one's Martial Art to become synergetic with the newly discovered Martial Mind.

Yet, when they witnessed the Dawnbringer keep up with many Martial Masters, it became evidently clear that he had already moved past this newbie phase. Not only had he moved past it, but it was as though he had been operating with a Martial Art that was synergized with thought for a long time.

He didn't have as many active techniques as the average Martial Master, but the power of his Martial Mind and the synergy between it and his techniques were overwhelming.

Furthermore, each of his few techniques was incredibly potent. The worst technique in his arsenal was still grade-nine.

While some of his most powerful techniques...

BOOOM!!!

A devastating Yin-Yang Spear struck his opponent with a horrifying, destructive impact. The sheer power of the technique was so overwhelming that it cracked the man's ribs, breaking through them. The impact warped his Martial Body, crumpling it and forming an indentation on the other side.

THUD

The Masters surrounding Rui froze as they watched their colleague's corpse fall to the ground.

A single blow.

That was all it took.

Rui's powerful gaze swept across the battlefield as he eyed the dozen Martial Masters who stared at him with a single emotion.

Fear.

"What's the matter?" Rui raised an eyebrow. "After all..."

His eyes sharpened.

"You came to kill me, did you not?"

They gulped as they broke into a cold sweat.

They were starting to realize that he wasn't such an easy opponent.

The reason that they had targeted Rui was because of the horrifyingly powerful forbidden technique that he had demonstrated in the Panamic Martial Federation.

Yet, not a single person had told them that he was this strong even without it!n/ô/vel/b//in dot c//om

"Damn Nindo Clan..." one of them muttered, gritting their teeth. "They should have told us he was such a monster."

Rui's power level had been relatively unknown for many years.

The last time he had demonstrated his nominal power publicly was in his duel against the Gatekeeper seven years ago when he was still only a Martial Senior. Furthermore, he had still used a forbidden technique even in that battle. Thus, he was commonly thought to be even weaker.

After that, he spent the next three years in the Kandrian Empire surrounded by bodyguards who wouldn't let him suffer any real damage. Furthermore, even after he mysteriously broke through in the Kandrian Empire around the time his father recovered, he had only spent more time in training.

So, how strong could he really be as a Martial Master?

Well, today, they learned the answer to that question.

They learned the answer firsthand.

He was stronger than they could ever even begin to have imagined.

"If you're not coming to kill me, then..." His voice grew perilous. "I'll be the one coming to kill you."

His words sent shivers down their spines.

At that moment, they had a premonition.

If they didn't kill him that day, then and there, he would go on to become their worst nightmare someday.

"A-ATTTAAACKK!" the strongest of the lot of them bellowed. "He's just one Martial Artist! Charge at him together! He cannot possibly fight on all fronts!"

The Sekigaharan Martial Masters steeled their determination with grave expressions as they surged toward the man with the goal of killing him all at once.

"KILL HIM!!!"

Yet, the gesture only brought a smile to his face as he deactivated the Yin-Yang Spear, instead preparing a defensive position with hands ready for interception.

BOOM BOOM BOOM!!!

Many fists, wind blasts, sound attacks, and body charges collided with him all at once.

BOOOOOM!!!

Their eyes widened as he abstained from dodging like he normally did, instead appearing to choose to withstand all their attacks. The sheer power they were able to output collectively

gave them hope.

Hope that he would succumb.

After all, their combined impacts against him were surely too much for any Martial Master to handle, particularly one who wasn't even a defensive-oriented Martial Master.

"Niflheim."

They felt chills crawling across their skin.

Not just figurative chills.

Literal chills.

For the realm of frost and cold had descended upon heaven and earth.

"Thanks for all the extra juice." Rui grinned as he channeled all the power he absorbed from their attacks into a super-charged Niflheim domain.

WHOOOSH!!!

In an instant, the world was frozen asunder.

Heaven and earth chilled over as the sheer might of the domain that Rui created froze

everything within its depths.

The atmosphere began condensing as dew drops of liquid nitrogen and liquid oxygen began

forming on all surfaces.

Including his hapless victims.

"AARARGHHH!!!"

"COLD! TOO COLD!!!"

"MY SKIN!"

In the first second, the domain inflicted frostbite upon them.

In the ensuing moments, ice developed on their skin as the water content in their epithelial

system began freezing.

"We need to get out of here before it's too late."

"Ah..." Rui murmured as they shot towards the boundary of the domain. "...I'm afraid that it

was too late the moment you chose to wage the war."

His eyes flared with power as he momentarily activated Hypertrophic Surge at full power, supercharging the domain even more.

Just in time to freeze the water in their blood.

THUD

They spontaneously died.

Rui dispelled the domain as he examined the frozen corpses.

"I guess nothing beats the Yggdrasil System when it comes to dealing with multiple

opponents."

His words spread chills across the entire battlefield.

Literally, as the Niflheim domain began to dispel.

Both the Sekigaharan and the Kandrian Masters found themselves gazing at the monster that

Rui Quarrier Silas Kandria was.

"I trimmed the enemy's numbers," Rui smirked. "Now we can have an even war."



Chapter 2223  Looming Planet



Fighting many Martial Artists simultaneously was difficult, but as Rui was more exposed to them, he was able to adaptively evolve to them just fine. He grew increasingly proficient at dealing with all of them at once.

The Sekigahara Confederate had deployed a high-grade Martial Master as well as many mid-grade and low-grade Martial Masters to kill him, yet they could have never expected that they would have all failed to take him down.

The power he demonstrated far exceeded even their most generous evaluation of his combat level. After all, how could anybody have imagined that just a few years would have been enough to approach the peak of the Master Realm?

"He's strong, by Gaia." A man heaved a sigh, shaking his head. "To think that we will fail to kill despite all that we have reserved him. To think he can have such power in the Master Realm. It looks like I might have to…"

His eyes narrowed. "Kill him myself in the name of Gaia."

"Do you really think I would allow you to?" Master Sera asked with a cold smile. "You're going nowhere, Master Satva."

The man shifted his gaze to Master Sera as he sized her up with a single glance. His arms were tucked behind his back while his braided hair sashayed in the air.

"Hm, while it is true that he will undoubtedly become a grave threat in the future, I suppose that for this battle, the gravest threat we face is still you, Harbinger." His eyes sharpened as he stroked his long, flowing white beard.

Neither of them had commenced their battle.

The outcome of their battle would affect the outcome of the entire battle.

That was what it meant for two grade-thirty Masters to fight.

They were the only Masters who had known exactly who they would be fighting long before the war began.

As much as Master Satva would love to shoot toward Rui to quickly kill him and eliminate the future threat, he could not do so as long as Master Sera impeded his path. She protected the Kandrian Masters from the wrath of the monster known as the Apostle of Gaia.

"I suppose there's no point in delaying the inevitable." He heaved a sigh. "I will kill you as quickly as possible, and then I will kill the Dawnbringer when I'm done with you. Now then…"

One moment, he was just an old man floating midair.

The very next, an extraordinary tsunami of unfathomable power emerged from within his body as his Martial Heart and Martial Mind revved into power. His Martial Heart illuminated his entire body, as every cell began shining brightly with a flood of extraordinary power coursing through each and every one of them.

It was as though a star had descended from the heavens, gracing the mortals below with their ephemeral power.

Chills crawled across the skin as every Martial Master froze and broke into a cold sweat.

Rui's eyes widened with shock as he witnessed the sheer might of the man known as the Apostle of Gaia.

"This Martial Heart…" A whisper escaped him. "It's second only to the Gatekeeper."

He was probably one of the few Martial Masters alive who could defeat the Gatekeeper without his Martial Mind.

How strong would he be with his Martial Mind?

RUMBLE…

The old man opened his eyes as his Martial Embodiment consumed reality.

Every Master grew aghast as their gaze elevated to the sky.

It was gone.

Yet, it took them several moments to identify what had taken its place.

The truth was unfathomable.

"Is that..." Rui whispered. "A planet?"

Where the sky once was was the surface of a planet.

One that threatened to converge into Gaia, destroying everything.

If not for the fact that they knew that it was merely an Embodiment, none of them would have been able to maintain even the slightest modicum of composure that they possessed at the moment.

It was an overwhelming sight.

This was the power of the man touted as the Apostle of Gaia.

At that moment, Rui knew that if he fought the man that he was, he was as good as dead. The best he could do was stall and try to survive desperately.

He glanced at the Harbinger, who simply gazed at her opponent with a calm expression.

"Now then." Master Satva met her gaze with eyes that flashed with bloodlust. "Please die in the name of Gaia."

BOOOM!!! Nôv(el)B\\jnn

A pillar of earth wider than a mountain erupted from the ground, spiking toward the Harbinger with extraordinary velocity.

WHOOSH!

"Oof, close," Master Sera muttered with a displeased expression as she evaded the attack, her Heart and Mind blazing into power.

The Martial Masters of the Kandrian Empire stirred with uncertainty.

It wasn't that she was weak, not at all. Her Martial Heart and Mind were extremely powerful, yet they didn't compare to the sheer majesty that her opponent was projecting with his overwhelming Realms of power.

Barring the very pinnacles like Rui and the Gatekeeper, he was almost entirely unmatched in both Body and Mind.

A doubt began to form in their minds.

Could Master Sera actually defeat him…?

No matter who they were, they couldn't help but have their doubts.

After all, they couldn't even take solace in their being of the same grade. After all, grade thirty was the limit regardless of a Martial Master's strength. This meant it was possible for the Apostle of Gaia to be much stronger than the Harbinger despite the fact that they were of the same grade.

That was what made the Martial Masters of the Kandrian Empire extremely nervous. If she did end up succumbing to the Apostle of Gaia, then they did not have confidence that they could win this battle.

Just the presence of a single peak Martial Master could change the tide of battle.

Yet, there wasn't much they could do; each of them was tied with their own opponents, especially the few who were actually qualified to fight Master Satva head-on.

BOOOM!!! BOOOM!!! BOOOM!!!

The ensuing battle between the two powerhouses only escalated.

-



Chapter 2224  Cute



Master Sera took a passive role in the battle as she seemed content focusing on evading the attacks of her opponent. "Buzzing around like a little insect," Master Satva's aged voice remarked with a hint of derision. "No matter, you'll get caught sooner or later."

He stepped hard on the land, causing an enormous amount of land to displace as it flew up at incredible speeds, threatening to crash into her.

Master Sera didn't even bother trying to waste her energy with destroying the land that was flung her way. After all, there was too much. There was no way that she could deal with everything with brute force.

She would run out of energy far sooner than he did if she chose to go that route.

Instead, she maneuvered through the air, employing the entirety of her speed and agility to evade the attacks that flew in her direction.

The battle quickly settled into a bit of a monotony as Master Satva calmly focused his vast energy reserves to take her down as soon as possible. He manipulated earth with a degree of proficiency that beggared the imagination.

Yet, his output was so great that it affected the rest of the battleground harboring the other Martial Masters.

RUMBLE!!

The very battlefield became unstable and dangerous as mountains erupted from the ground, shooting into the sky like the projectiles of a weapon, threatening to strike the nimble and swift Harbinger.

Yet, what happened when they missed and returned back to the battleground?

The answer was obvious.

BOOOM!!! BOOOM!!! BOOOM!!!

"Rgh…!"

"Master Satva's power is too destructive!"

"We need to get out of here as soon as possible!"

The sheer amount of power that he outputted altered the terrain of the vast region over which the Masters fought. It was so great that the warring Masters were focused on migrating away before they could resume their battles.

RUMBLE!!

They witnessed with awe as the strongest Martial Masters fought with each other.

Or, to be more accurate, one of them aggressively chased the other around while the latter did everything in her power to avoid getting hit by his immense power.

"Is that all you can do?" Master Satva huffed with a hint of disappointment. "To think the Kandrian Empire would dare call someone as weak as yourself a grade-thirty. The nerve of you lot. Though…"

His eyes narrowed as he eyed the other Kandrian Martial Masters. 'They're stronger than I imagined.'

It was not easy to notice in the chaos of battle, but Master Satva had managed to spot a truth that had eluded many of his colleagues.

'Their Martial Bodies are stronger than ours.'

He didn't understand how. How did all of them gain stronger Martial Bodies than the Martial Bodies of the Sekigaharan Martial Masters?

"No matter…" he murmured as his attention was on the Harbinger. "When I'm done with you, this battle is as good as won by the grace of Mother Gaia."

His eyes narrowed as he intensified his efforts.

RUMBLE!!!

Master Sera's eyes grew steely as the entirety of the region shifted, elevating to the sky.

"If you seek to run away from Gaia, then she will follow you," he remarked. "You have nowhere to escape."

The elevation of the entire region continued to rise as a whole, taking all Martial Masters with it, forcing Master Sera to skywalk even higher to stay away. However, they both knew that this could not go on forever.

"You still seek to run away?" Master Satva narrowed his eyes. "The heavens will only grow thinner, slowing you down by Gaia. Eventually, you will be caught, and you will die."

This was one of the strategies of his systems of thought. The standard response to evading his attacks was taking to the air to avoid the hostile ground. He had developed a rigorous and systematic set of counters to adaptively evolve to these tactics.

She didn't respond to his words, evading the increasing barrage of land and rock attacks as she flew around the skies, evading everything that Master Satva threw at her. WHOOSH WHOOSH WHOOSH!!

She weaved through the air as she evaded not only the enormous mountains but also the individual barrage of boulders and rocks that were flung at her at extremely high speeds. She correctly estimated how much distance she needed to move to evade barrages of rocks and earth based on their speed, size, and distance.

As long as she could handle his offense long enough, she knew that she had a good chance of winning the battle. She seldom met someone who could pressure her as much as the Apostle of Gaia did.

He was forcing her to delay the activation of her greatest trump card.

"Enough." Master Satva grew irritated by her extremely refined evasive ability. "Dodge this."

His expression steeled with effort as his eyes flared with power.

BOOOM!!! n/ô/vel/b//jn dot c//om

Land parted as it made way for enormous amounts of molten rock and lava drawn from deep under the crust of Gaia. In an instant, an enormous tsunami, potent and wide, surged upward as it blocked off all exits and threatened to envelop her in its powerful grip. Master Satva's bloodlust surged as he heightened his power, hoping to get rid of her already. Once he caught her in the grip of Gaia, he could bury her so far down that she would never have any hope of surviving and returning.

Everything was going perfectly.

Then, it all disappeared.

All of it.

One moment, he was on the verge of catching her in the grip of his earth.

The very next, the world disappeared into darkness.

The only thing he could see was himself in the reflection of a cracked mirror.

Fear flashed in his eyes as he gazed at his broken and shattered image in the mirror before him.

His heart was shattered in the reflection as the cracks of the mirror overlapped it. His eyes widened as he saw a woman.

"Mother…?" His eyes widened as a whisper escaped him.

She looked exactly like how he remembered her, right down to her mannerisms and body language. She smiled at him warmly.

His hand reached out to the image of her. Yet, just as he reached for it—

CRACK!

The mirror broke, and he returned to reality.

"I see…" The sinister voice of the Harbinger rang in his ears. "So you're a mommy's boy."

She sneered at him.

"How cute."

-



Chapter 2225  Triggering Words



Master Satva froze in horror as he struggled to parse what had just unfolded before him. Everything had been going according to plan just seconds ago.

He was on the verge of getting her inside his tomb of earth.

Yet, suddenly, he found himself looking at his mother in the reflection of the broken mirror before it cracked when he reached for it.

Only to find to return himself back in reality.

A reality where the Harbinger's hand impaled his body.

DRIP DRIP…

"GET AWAY FROM ME!" He roared as earth and lava surged to swallow her up.

WHOOSH!

"Ahahaha~" Master Sera soared through the air as she laughed with derision, evading his attacks. "To think the mighty Apostle of Gaia was just a little mommy's boy hiding in the closet who wants his dear mama boohoo. Ahahaha!"

Unadulterated fury erupted in the eyes of Master Satva.

His hands quaked with rage as he even forgot to focus on healing his wound. "You dare…"

"Oh, wait," Master Sera tapped her chin, squinting her eyes as she fell into deep thought. "Don't tell me that the reason that you constantly yap about 'Gaia this' and 'Gaia that' is because…you're secretly projecting your mommy insecurities on Gaia, the planet, through your Martial Art?"

He froze as grave horror emerged on his expression.

"…Pfft!" She burst out laughing. "HAHAHA! HAHAHAHAHA!!"

Master Satva shivered as his bloodlusted fury boiled with a vengeance.

Yet, the Harbinger was enjoying herself too much. "Hey, everybody, listen up, the Apostle of Gaia wants Gaia to be his mommy!"

Her words reached the Masters in the surrounding region, many of whom gazed at Master Satva with a strange expression.

That was enough.

At that moment, Master Satva snapped.

"I'LL KILL YOU!!!" He bellowed as his eyes grew red with rage. "I WILL KILL YOU!!!"

RUMBLE!!!

All of heaven and earth shivered under the rage of the Apostle of Gaia as he unleashed the total might that his body harbored.

"Huhuhu~" Master Sera weaved around the countless incoming attacks. "Still can't catch me~!"

She grinned vindictively as she dodged and evaded every single attack that the Apostle of Gaia threw in her direction.

Yet, this only enraged the man even more. n/ô/vel/b//in dot c//om

Under any other circumstances, he would have been able to calm down and retain his rationality.

Yet, this time, he wasn't able to.

He could hear the Kandrian and even the Sekigaharan Martial Masters laughing at him with cruelty, laughing at his deepest emotional vulnerabilities that had existed in the core of who he was and the core of his Martial Drive and Art.

In reality, they weren't laughing at all.

Why would they?

They were in the middle of a war.

They were too busy fighting to be laughing at him.

Yet, he could hear them laughing at him nonetheless, heightening his already high emotional distress.

A glint of malice and cruelty flashed in her eyes.

Her Martial Embodiment was different from that of any other Martial Embodiment in that she actively used it as a weapon in battle. It was not usually flashy outside of its initial form of a broken mirror, in that it shifted to create circumstances that were designed to destabilize her victim's emotions as much as possible

All it did was add a little laughter from the Martial Masters in his ears and senses. It didn't alter reality in any other way.

That made it so hard to catch.

The more a hypnotic illusion matched with and overlapped with reality, the harder it was to notice. On top of that, how much of his anger had destabilized him emotionally made it even harder to notice that she was playing into him.

That wasn't all; unbeknownst to most people, most of her Martial Art was not comprised of combat techniques.

She only had a handful of potent techniques for offense, defense, and speed. The rest of her Martial Art was dedicated to Body techniques that carefully brewed and released potent pheromones that increased a variety of psychological and sociological behavioral parameters that broadly correlated with increased emotional instability.

In battle, emotional instability was a liability, especially in the Upper Realms, where it could be an absolute blunder.

Just as it was panning out to be in this battle, dodging his attacks had been far easier than it had ever been despite the fact that he was exerting far more than ever before. She even activated systems of thought that functioned as large language models that allowed her to figure out exactly what to say to deepen his emotional instability.

"Imagine still being in the Master Realm after five hundred years."

Her voice oozed derision.

Master Satva gritted his teeth as he clenched his fists. "I WILL KILL YOU, LITTLE WENCH!

Her grin widened. "If I was still in the Master Realm after five hundred years, I'd fucking kill myself."

"AARGGHRAGHGHR!!!"

RUMBLE!!!

The earth erupted in cataclysmic power.

Yet—

WHOOSH WHOOSH WHOOSH!

She cleanly evaded every single one he dished out.

Because he had stopped using his systems in the irrational state of mind, he couldn't take the right approach to corner her like he almost had before.

"Your mom would probably cringe if she saw you now," Master Sera grinned. "Imagine being such a fucking loser that you still cling to her in your mind after half a fucking millennium. She's probably turning her grave."

She paused. "But her grave is in Gaia, so I guess your mother is turning inside your mother? Hahaha!"

RUMBLE!!!

Master Satva was too angry to even speak. Instead, he simply emptied his energy reserves, ravaging the world with his immense raw power, threatening the other Martial Masters even after they had moved a good distance away.

Meanwhile, Master Sera continued triggering with just the right type of rhetoric, allowing her to continuously emotionally abuse him to the point that he couldn't even think anymore. Yet, even as she enjoyed tearing apart her opponents, she didn't forget the objective of this battle.

Victory.

None of all of this mattered if she didn't win in the end.

-



Chapter 2226  Shifting Strategy



Rui couldn't help but grow wary of the Harbinger. He had never ever run into such a vicious Martial Art in his entire life before. He almost felt sorry for the Apostle of Gaia. It was one thing to fight in battle with honor; it was another to be relentlessly bullied in the most horrific manner that Rui had ever seen.

Yet, at the same time, he couldn't help but grow deeply intrigued.

How would he fare against her?

Would he be able to adaptively evolve to her?

He wasn't sure about that with his current juncture of power.

From what he could see, there were two possible means to go about it. One of them was to defeat her before she could commence her bullying.

The other would be to adaptively evolve to the bullying itself.

He wasn't sure how to go about the latter at all, while the former sounded extremely difficult, considering that even the Apostle of Gaia had failed.

Yet, he knew that he probably had very poor compatibility with Harbinger. It couldn't be helped; he had emotional vulnerabilities that would be brutally exploited by her if they ever fought.

Unfortunately, as much as he would have loved to watch them fight and speculate about how he would fare against either of them, he was still in the middle of an operation.

"Your Highness, intercept the Martial Masters who are making a run for the Kandrian Empire!"

Rui's attention was jolted to some stray Sekigaharan Masters who had managed to extricate themselves from their battles, one way or another, and were trying to run towards the Kandrian Empire in a rush to get within its territory and target vital infrastructure.

"Not on my watch."

He momentarily activated Neo Godspeed, shooting towards them at extremely high speeds.

BOOM BOOM BOOM!

He overtook all of them before turning to them and blasting them with Transverse Resonance attacks.

The three Masters fell back as he pushed them back with everything that he had. "Trying to get into the Kandrian Empire sneakily, eh?" Rui smirked. "I guess you've given up on killing us all."

They gritted their teeth as they stared at him with hatred.

Initially, the plan was to head to the Kandrian Empire after obtaining a thorough victory against the Kandrian Masters.

However, their plans were thrown out of the window when Rui turned out to be monstrously strong, single-handedly taking down the surplus Masters of the Sekigahara Confederate—their sole task had been to kill him off with a massive numbers advantage.

Yet, Rui somehow survived the ambush and a massive gang-up and emerged thoroughly victorious. He had single-handedly killed off their extra Martial Masters in a shocking turn of events.

The original plan was scrapped, and now they had to get to the Kandrian Empire regardless of the outcome of the battle.

'It's not just these three…' Rui's eyes widened as he took scope of the entire battle, measuring the changes in the way the Sekigaharan Masters fought. 'Aside from the two grade-thirty Masters, nobody is fighting to kill their opponents. Instead, they're…' The shift came soon after Rui foresaw it.

"WARRIOR OF SEKIGAHARA!" The vice-leader's voice spread throughout the battle. "REACH THE KANDRIAN EMPIRE AT ALL COSTS!"

Rui's expression grew more grave as the battle changed.

One moment, all Masters of the Sekigahara Confederate fought to kill their opponents.

The very next moment, they shot away from their opponents, shooting in the direction of the Kandrian Empire in hopes that they would catch the Kandrians off-guard.

And they did.

WHOOSH WHOOSH WHOOSH!

Almost like clockwork, all of them slipped away from the Masters of the Kandrian Empire in the briefest openings that they could find.

"No!"

"Stop them!"

"We must catch up!"

The Sekigaharans grinned maniacally as they shot towards the Kandrian Empire. Because they had fought so aggressively to kill the Masters of the Kandrian Empire, the latter had been fighting with full power to survive rather than to protect Kandria.

This allowed them to find chinks in the armor of the interception force, whose whole goal was to keep them away from the surpass.

Unfortunately for them, Rui had no intention of letting them go so easily.

"Muspelheim!" He gritted his teeth as he activated Hypertrophic Surge.

He didn't dare activate the Yin-Yang Spear; the addition of that would trigger the Sun. However, he didn't mind them thinking that he was triggering the forbidden technique.

RUMBLE!!

The world shook as the realm of fire descended upon heaven and earth.

BOOM!!

In just a moment, the horrifying flames of Muspelheim eroded everything from the lands beneath their feet to skies above their heads. Nôv(el)B\\jnn

Just as Rui predicted, the Sekigaharans fell for the trick.

"IT'S THAT FORBIDDEN TECHNIQUE!"

"RUN!

"THE DAWNBRINGER HAS DECIDED TO UNLEASH HIS GREATEST POWER!"

The Sekigaharan gritted their teeth as they leaped back, putting as much distance between them and him so as to not die under the horrifying power of the Sun.

"No."

A single voice among them cut through the noise.

Her hand drifted to her katana as her eyes sharpened. "This is not that technique. After all…"

SWING!

In a single, rapid, and extraordinarily smooth motion, she drew her blade, completing a sword swing within a tiny fraction of a microsecond.

"…it's too weak."

For a moment, nothing happened.

The mighty Muspelheim domain, powered by Rui's Hypertrophic Surge, burned in its glory, growing stronger and stronger.

The very next?

WHOOSH!

The Muspelheim domain was cleaved in half.

Rui's eyes widened with shock as the sheer pressure from her sword draw completely cleaved through the powerful heat of his domain. Her cold, stoic eyes fixed on him in the distance as Rui sized her up.

'I can't feel any pressure or power from her.' His expression grew more severe.

Yet, that only made her more dangerous in his eyes.

With the Muspelheim domain dispelled with a single attack, the Sekigaharans should have been free to head to the Kandrian Empire, but in the brief few moments that Rui had managed to stall them, the Kandrian Masters had regrouped, forming a barrier that stood between the Sekigaharan Masters and the Kandrian Empire once more.

-



Chapter 2227  Second Phase



The first phase of the battle was over.

The Sekigaharans no longer grinned maniacally, reveling in their numeric advantage as they did at the start of the battle.

They no longer focused on having the ideal victory of heading to the Kandrian Empire after killing the Masters of the Kandrian Empire. It had been a foolhardy objective to attempt in the first place, but at least there was some rationale with it when it came to numerical superiority.

Now, however, due to some of their incorrect predictions of Rui's combat level, they had underestimated his current power level and had gravely suffered deep losses.

Their original plan was duly updated.

"We head straight towards the Kandrian Empire, no matter what." The swordswoman sheathed her katana as her gaze remained fixed on Rui. "The Kandrian Empire will fall today."

"Not gonna happen." Rui's eyes narrowed as his steely gaze met her cold eyes.

"You are not strong enough to stop us." Her stoic voice reached him. "He's not alone." Master Zentra's calm voice reached her. "Your operation is already a failure. Pursuing it any further will only lead to more bloodshed on both sides. If you leave now, we won't pursue you."

She closed her eyes. "You seem to be under the misunderstanding that we Sekigaharans think like you spineless harmony-lovers."

The Masters of the Kandrian Empire glared at her upon those words.

A pure and unadulterated bloodlust boiled in her eyes as her gaze fixed on Rui.

"Today, you and your Empire will die."

Rui simply stared at her wordlessly.

It was clear that they had not yet been deterred from continuing the operation that they had set out to complete.

"There's nothing more to be said." He took his classic stance facing her.

"I agree," she concurred with a composed tone. "Kill them if they get in our way to the Kandrian Empire."

The Martial Masters of the Sekigahara Confederate surged forward as the second round of the Master-level battle commenced.

BOOOM BOOOM BOOOM!!

The Masters of the Kandrian Empire gritted their teeth as they re-engaged with their rivals. This time, they not only needed to fight to protect themselves, but they also couldn't let their guards down to ensure that they didn't fall for the juke-and-run tactic that the Sekigaharan Martial Masters were looking to pull while fighting.

While the Masters spread across the entire battlefield, Rui found himself staring at the swordswoman in a silent face-off.

She was strong.

Not only was she strong, but she also possessed perfect control over it, able to ensure that none of her power slipped out.

That put him on guard instantly.

On top of that, he could sense that her mind was impressively calm. As though she had rid herself of all superfluous thoughts and emotions, focusing solely on her opponent.

His nerves tingled as her grip on her katana tightened.

Thankfully, he had built a predictive model on her and was rapidly building a SOUL model on her as well.

Suddenly, his eyes widened as he abruptly leaped into the air.

BOOOM!!

The very land beneath his feet erupted as an entire region's worth of land was uprooted by her sword swing.

STEP

Rui landed as he witnessed the sheer amount of destruction that she had unleashed with an unfathomable, invisible sword swing.

"You managed to dodge that." She stirred at the fact that he was still alive. "I'm impressed. An overwhelming majority of Masters can't even perceive my sword draws."

Rui's eyes grew grave.

In truth, he hadn't been able to perceive her sword draw either.

He wasn't able to see it. n/ô/vel/b//jn dot c//om

But, thanks to his predictive model, he had been able to see it coming.

Barely.

She didn't have many passive patterns, just a handful.

A very minute shift in center gravity preceding the attack.

Slight increase in the tension of her muscles just a beat before the attack.

A mild amount of pupil dilation gave her impending attack away.

His expression grew severe. 'If not for those very minute passive patterns and tells, I would be dead right now.'

The sheer amount of power contained in the pressure wave that it unleashed upon the world was so great that Rui knew that she would cleanly slice him in half.

"I suppose I can't afford to hold back." He exhaled heavily as he activated Neo Godspeed.Time slowed down in his eyes.

"That would be prudent." Her grip over her sword tightened.

Rui adopted a light, bouncing stance with a loose body and centered legs. A stance that favored mobility.

He knew that he couldn't afford to tank her ridiculous lethality.

Thus, his only other option was to rely on speed. WHOOSH!

In the blink of an eye, he arrived before her as a Yin-Yang Spear shot toward her.

He knew that she wasn't a defense-oriented Martial Artist and couldn't afford to tank even a single one of the devastating grade-ten attacks.

Yet, she didn't need to.

"Silent Sword Style: Twelve-Sword Hurricane."

BOOOM!!!

Rui leaped back as an enormous tornado of sound and wind erupted outwards from her, threatening to shred him to pieces.

"Tsk," Rui tutted. "Heavenly Convergence."

In an instant, the domain designed to curb power emerged as he redirected the vectors of force across the atmosphere to converge upon her.

BOOM!!

The domain snuffed her tornado, threatening to crush her. As a swordsman who defended using her blade, he wanted to see how she would defend against an omnidirectional attack.

Yet, the sight of all of heaven converging upon her body didn't so much as perturb her.

"Silent Sword Style: Blade of the Abyss."

WHOOSH!!

A single swing across three hundred and sixty degrees created a counter-pressure wave that clashed with his Heavenly Convergence Domain.

BOOOM!!

The two pressure waves canceled each other out, only for Rui to arrive before her at an incredibly high speed, using the blasts of air and dust as a momentary distraction to try and squeeze in a Yin-Yang Spear attack.

Yet, she had anticipated that.

WHOOSH!

Her sword swung right at his neck, cleaving it apart.

-



Chapter 2228  Perilous Battle



Or so she thought.

Her eyes narrowed as the blade crashed into an empty image.

A feint.

The real Rui surged towards her back with a Yin-Yang Spear, threatening to cripple her with a single blow.

"You have underestimated me."

Rui's eyes widened as his predictive model foresaw a blade cutting his face in half.

WHOOSH!

Rui dodged the incoming blade at the last moment, narrowly avoiding instant death. He bounced back, leaping at her once more.

"Fool." She huffed. "You'll onl—"

"Temporal Disharmony."

Her eyes widened with shock as time sped up massively in her eyes. Rui moved so fast in her sense that his Yin-Yang Spear arrived at her head in the blink of an eye.

'Got her!' He grinned as his attack was moments away from killing her.

Yet, it was his turn to be denied victory.

WHOOSH!

His expression grew aghast as she literally disappeared in the face of his attack.

"Wha—!" His senses expanded, and he spotted her a kilometer away, panting lightly with widened eyes.

For the first time in the fight, her composure had been broken as she narrowly evaded death. His deadly technique would've crushed her head in.

"If not for my Sword Step Kata…" she managed to squeeze out.

Out of sheer and pure reflex and instinct, she employed a maneuvering technique that utilized her blade to move even faster than was physically possible with just her ordinary sword techniques alone.

If not for that, she wouldn't have been able to dodge from such a short distance away.

Her gaze fixed on him with deep hatred as she glared at him.

She had no idea what he had done to her, but her perception of the world had been sped up. Everyone moved much faster than they had before, including her own body.

It meant that her own mind could not keep up with her own body.

To any ordinary Martial Master, this would have been damning, especially since Rui's Hypnomatrix had grown extremely potent since he had broken through to the Master Realm. It disrupted her perception of time very deeply.

WHOOSH!

Rui appeared before her at top speed, surging towards her with yet another Yin-Yang Spear aimed at her temple, threatening to kill her.

Her sword surged toward him with even greater speed than before.

WHOOSH

He side-stepped the attack unperturbed as he continued his offense. Dodging her became increasingly easy as his predictive model grew refined, allowing him to be unbothered by her sword swings, especially when she was afflicted with Temporal Disharmony.

Or so he thought.

SPLAT!

"Rgh…!" Rui grimaced with shock as a deep gash appeared on his body. He leaped back with a grave expression as he momentarily switched to Weaving Blood. Yet, she was unwilling to let go of the chance to seize the initiative.

STEP.

"She who cannot cut what she cannot see is a second-rate swordswoman." She gripped her blade. "Silent Sword Style…"

Rui felt deep peril emerging from her as chills crawled down his spine.

"…Twenty-Four Sword Vortex."

What ensued was twenty-four blade swings executed in a fraction of a microsecond.

She couldn't even see her own body due to Temporal Disharmony.

Yet, it didn't matter.

Her body remembered every movement of the combo right down to microscopic precision and accuracy. She shut off her conscious reaction, relying on pure instinct and reflex bolstered by centuries of experience.

The Twenty-Four Sword Vortex was a technique that converged the power of twenty-four swings in a single swing of unprecedented speed and power.

An attack that could not be dodged.

BOOOM!!!

The attack cleaved through the world itself, causing a catastrophic devastation of heaven and earth. RUMBLE!! n/ô/vel/b//in dot c//om

Land uprooted where the skies above them ceased to exist, giving way to the bright cosmos that shined down upon them unimpeded by the atmosphere.

It was an attack that struck almost everything.

Everything except her target.

"I can see you SOUL."

Her expression hardened as Rui emerged from the enormous cloud of dust surging towards her at top speed.

Rui activated Outer Convergence, Gale Force Breathing, and Parallel Walk as he shot toward her with the maximum amount of momentum he was able to gather, preparing a Flowing Canon empowered with the Yin-Yang Spear.

It was the fastest and most powerful attack he was able to muster at the moment.

Her demeanor grew more intense as she realized that if she allowed herself to get so much as touched by that, she would lose the battle.

The moment he arrived within her field of attack, a mighty sword swing surged toward him, threatening to cleave him in half.

WHOOSH!

He casually evaded her attack. With the Temporal Disharmony shackling her active coordination and the predictive and SOUL Models active, dodging her sword swing had never been easier.

BOOOM!! His fist struck her ribs, breaking through them with ease as the blow devastated her torso.

That was game.

Or at least, it should have been.

SPLAT!!

His attack froze as a deep gash emerged on his body out of nowhere.

"Rgh!" He grimaced as he began bleeding profusely. He gazed at her katana with shock.

The blade's trajectory had rebounded and returned after the initial miss, surging towards her opponent as it landed its strike against him after he had dodged her initial blow. He was shocked that she was able to cut him down so swiftly after he had dodged the first sword swing. "Silent Sword Style…" She smiled even as she coughed up blood. "Boomerang Blade."

This was her sole system of thought. She would observe the dodging patterns of her opponent only to predict the direction and manner in which they would dodge her attack before using the Boomerang Blade to curve the trajectory towards them after the initial dodge.

The only drawback was that the power would be diluted due to loss of momentum during the trajectory rebound.

It was for that sole reason that Rui had not been cut in half.

-



Chapter 2229  True Plan



The battle between Masters raged on at full power.

With each passing minute, both sides only grew more desperate. The Sekigaharan Masters only grew more maniacal in their drive to win the war, as they were notorious for, as time passed. For each passing second of war drained their stamina and Martial Mind.

The closer their Martial Mind came to being depleted, the more dangerous and perilous their circumstances were.

After all, once their Martial Minds were depleted, even Martial Seniors were a threat to them.

What they were especially afraid of was someone like the Gatekeeper arriving on the battlefield once Martial Minds were completely emptied. That would be a nightmare as he would undoubtedly be the strongest on the battlefield if that were to happen.

In their minds, they were the deciding factor of whether their operation was a success or not.

However, they were wrong.

Deep in the Great Nam Ocean, three figures moved towards Kandria at an incredible speed.

Three Sages.

Each from the Sekigahara Confederate.

"Preparations complete," the Sage at the head of the attack whispered to his comrades. "Operation True Spear is underway."

This was the true plan of the Sekigahara Confederate.

The loud and eye-drawing military operation directed towards the Kandrian Emperor was merely a red herring.

The true operation to deceive the Kandrian Empire was a small and covert Sage-level strike group that would furtively attack the Kandrian Empire from the East, through the Great Nam Ocean, while the 'official' military force marched towards Kandria from the West.

It was an extraordinarily dangerous risk to deploy a whopping twelve Martial Sages away from the nation simultaneously in addition to regular Sage-level deployments. It left the nation extremely vulnerable.

And that was precisely why it was thought to be effective.

Because it was an absurdly risky and dangerous proposition, it was unlikely that they would be suspected of deploying more than the nine known Martial Sages in the Martial strike force.

In fact, nine itself was pushing it.

If not for the fact that the Sekigahara Confederate was known for being aggressive psychos, that number in and of itself would have been highly doubted.

The three Martial Sages surged toward the Kandrian Empire at high speeds, all but ready to wreak as much destruction as they could without violating the laws of the Panamic Martial Federation. Unfortunately for them, life was hardly ever that convenient.

BOOOOOM BOOOOOM BOOOOOM!!!

Their eyes widened as they leaped back several kilometers, avoiding an extraordinarily powerful attack that threatened to end them then and there.

Their demeanors grew grave as they sensed the immense weight of being of five Martial Sages.

"Hahaha…" The giggle of a child echoed throughout the battlefield. "…To think that Matriarch Nephi's prophecy was right. The open invasion from the East was just a diversion. These bastards meant to take us out from the West while misdirecting us from the East." n/o/vel/b//in dot c//om

The three Martial Sages of the Sekigahara Confederate stiffened at the words of the Flickering Elder as three Martial Sages appeared before their Sekigaharan counterparts, while the other two stepped back with a wary, guarded expression.

"…Three to fight us off, and the two to protect the Kandrian Empire." The leader of the Sekigaharan group grew severe. "You knew our exact numbers ahead of time."

The Flickering Elder smiled innocently while the Hugging Hegemon flashed a shit-eating grin, while the Tempestouos Fortress maintained a stern expression. In the distance, two Martial Sages stood guarding the Kandrian Empire: the Mount of Fortitude and the Eastern Shield, the sole Martial Sage of the Royal Navy.

Fighting on the sea was much more dangerous to the Kandrian Empire due to the fact that the sea could carry a much greater portion of the energy of their battle towards the Kandrian Empire.

If a meteorite landed on land, most of the energy would be contained within its immediate surroundings in the form of the mechanical work done in creating a massive crater. While some seismic energy would be released, it was only a small portion of the total kinetic energy of the meteorite.

However, the story would be different if the meteorite landed in the ocean.

When a meteorite landed in the ocean, the energy discharge from the collision would not be limited to the immediate surroundings.

It would create a massive ocean wave that was capable of traveling a greater distance while carrying a substantial portion of the total energy of the meteorite. That wave would usually go on to form a tsunami that would wipe out the closest coast it reached.

In that case, the closest coast was the Kandrian Empire, even if it was more than ten thousand kilometers away.

However, in this case, it wasn't just a meteorite causing the ocean wave; it was multiple Martial Sages.

Ever since Sage Sia created the Umiana Trench while training in the depths of the Zeltic Ocean, humanity has well-recorded the dangers of Sage-level combat over an ocean. It was far more dangerous than combat over land.

Such a disaster could not be allowed to befall the Kandrian Empire.

That was why two Martial Sages existed to ensure that no harm would come to the Kandrian Empire by actively containing the ocean waves that would be generated by the battle between Martial Sages.

"To think the Sekigahara Confederate would send in some of its finest offensive and covert Martial Sages to finish us off…" Sage Glacken narrowed his eyes in the distance. "It seems that Sekigahara Confederate is quite determined to end us. Just which one of our secrets did you come across, Sage Saraka, Sage Yuu, Sage Saren?"

The three Sekigaharan didn't so much as flinch at being recognized.

They had all known each other for a long time.

"Are you sure you want to be here with the five of you, Glacken?" Sage Saraka smiled as he took off his hood. "With nine of my comrades storming the Kandrian Empire on the Eastern front, you can't afford to dedicate five Martial Sages to us."

-



