Chapter 2040 Reign of the Master Realm

﻿﻿Rui stared at her with unadulterated surprise at the stunning revelations that his grandmother had shared with him.

He had never considered the consequences of the Martial Mind on psychology.

He had implicitly assumed that it didn't have any major effects on the mind based on the empirical observations that Martial Masters weren't particularly crazy or psychologically deviant.

They had an erudite air about them, but that was all he had ever observed of them.

Yet, now his grandmother shared with him the truth.

"The Age of Martial Art has had many ups and downs," she calmly informed him. "Among the lows were things such as the Martial Revolution which consisted of civil wars across all of humanity. Another low was a brief period of barbarism when infants were subjected to horrors of all kinds in the hopes of producing powerful Martial Paths. And another lesser-known and downplayed low was the Reign of the Master Realm."

She turned to him. "When Martial Seniors broke through to the Master Realm, many of them experienced the very shift in psychology that I just elaborated on. At the time, the Master Realm was the peak of Martial Art; you can imagine just what happened."

He felt chills as he thought about the kinds of horrors that unfolded.

"Narcissists. Sociopaths and psychopaths. Egomaniacs." She snorted contemptuously. "While they pursued their Martial Paths and were still driven by their Martial Drives, the courses of actions that they might have previously considered to be immoral were less and less so. Humans became lesser beings both in body and mind. No different from how humans view livestock as lesser, inferior, and property with which they could as they pleased. The most unfortunate reality is that they were not technically wrong. It is because the comparison cannot be refuted that it caused such a massive shift in psychology over time. The Reign of the Master Realm was one of the worst periods to ever be a human."

"…I have not read about this in my study of history in the Age of Martial Art."

"The Panamic Martial Federation and all its constituents have exerted a tremendous amount of political power over centuries to censor and even retcon history. But no matter what the doctored and falsified historical literature being pedaled around today says, we Martial Artists of that brief era remember it as clearly as yesterday."

Her tone grew grave. "We keep it deep within ourselves as a reminder to never let that history recur."

She turned to him with a powerful gaze. "Now that you have become a Martial Master, you are entitled to know this truth. Hone your mind and mentality, or pay the price. There are resources and manners in which you can condition your mind and will be available to you for free in the Martial Union or the Panamic Martial Federation."

Rui gazed at her impassively.

"Do you think I'd go down that path?"

She considered the question for a moment. "…It might shock you to believe, but no. Despite all the changes you have undergone, I do not believe you will ever go down that path. Not as long as the Quarrier Orphanage exists."

A soft smile cracked at the edge of his mouth. "I see."

"…After all, that is how the Reign of the Master Realm came to an end," she replied. "While there were plenty of madmen Martial Masters, there were even more Martial Masters who happened to retain a strong bond to humanity. Parents. A loved one. Children. A family. A community. These things anchored the Martial Masters despite the tug of the Martial Mind to view humans as inferior. It is why I never strayed into a dark path myself. My responsibilities and my Martial Drive to protect my clan keep rock solid. These days there are even more systems in place to keep Masters from developing psychopathy."

Rui started to gain a better understanding of the mentalities of more eccentric Martial Masters such as Master Reina and especially Master Zeamer.

"The breakthrough of the first Martial Sage, a man of powerful integrity and honor, led to the end of the Reign of the Master Realm," she lightly continued. "If not for him, the destruction of human civilization as we know it may as well have come to be the case. Yet, the tug of darkness always remains. Martial Masters must learn to exercise emotional control and discipline when they break through to the Master Realm. It is also encouraged that they breed and start their own families to tether them to humanity strongly. That is one of the reasons that the Martial Community nationally and internationally are thriving."

Rui immediately thought of the Arrancar Family and Sage Damian Arrancar.

It had always struck him strange that a Martial Sage of his temperament and personality would ever bother creating a family as large as the Arrancar Family, especially when he clearly wasn't a family-oriented man if Kane's childhood was indicative of anything.

Perhaps he had done so with the intention of ensuring he didn't become a true devil, as his epithet suggested, that would lead to his own destruction.

"It's a shame that she left the orphanage," his grandmother commented lightly with a small smirk. "A wasted opportunity."

Rui coughed awkwardly. "Please don't joke about that. I didn't come here to talk about starting a family or the Reign of the Master Realm, really."

His voice grew more serious.

"I came here to gain clarity."

"Hah." She snorted mirthlessly. "If only it were that simple. The clarity you seek can only come from within, not without. Nobody can give you the clarity you seek except yourself."

Rui was hardly satisfied with such a vague answer. "What is the path to the Sage Realm and, more importantly…"

His eyes narrowed. "…what does it have to do with who I am?"

She gazed at him, snorting.

"You are unworthy of the answers to those questions if they existed in the first place," her eyes narrowed. "Look at the mess that your mind and emotions are in. Even your mother was closer to the Sage Realm than you are."

-



Chapter 2041  Love, Not Regret



His eyes narrowed at her words. "Which one?"

"Your adoptive mother, of course," his grandmother calmly replied, facing him head-on. "She didn't so much as flinch when I warned her of her impending death."

Rui's eyes widened with shock. "…What?"

"Now there was a woman who understood who she was." Matriarch Nephi ignored his incredulity. "When she learned of her impending death, she made sure that when the time came, she could rest without any regrets."

Rui stared at his grandmother in shock. "…You foresaw my mother's death?"

"Of course, I periodically employ prophecy on the orphanage, just in case," she replied. "When I foresaw her natural death and informed her, she worked hard in the next two years to ensure that neither she nor the ones she loved would suffer from regret when it came to pass."

Rui stared at her, speechless. n/o/vel/b//in dot c//om

"She spent more time with each and every single one of her loved ones, imparting enough love to last a lifetime," she closed her eyes. "I suspect that that is why the Quarrier Family was able to move forward with their heads held high and eyes pinned on the future."

Rui's eyes darkened as his fists clenched.

"I should have never left."

"Then you wouldn't have broken through," his grandmother calmly replied. "…I wonder what she would have imparted to me had I been able to speak with her one last time."

"Hm," Matriarch Nephi's regarded his words. A single question escaped her.

"Would you like to find out?"

Rui raised an eyebrow as he watched her reach into a counter.

She pulled out an envelope.

Rui's eyes lit up. "Is that…?"

"She entrusted me to convey this message to you when you returned," his grandmother calmly remarked, handing it to him.

Rui accepted the envelope, holding it like it was a priceless artifact, carefully and quickly opening it.

[To my precious baby, Rui.

I write this letter with all the love that my heart is able to squeeze for you.

I write this letter with all the pride that I have for you.

I write this letter with the hope that you will feel my love long after I am gone.

I write this letter with the hope that you won't be burdened by a void in your heart after I am gone.

It isn't easy to walk the path that you have chosen walk. It isn't easy to walk the thin line between two worlds.

I know that you have always felt burdened by the distance that your path puts between you and the people you love.

I know that you have always felt as though you left your family behind in pursuit of your dreams.

I know that you fear a day when you live past us.

I know the pain in your heart when you learn of my passing.

I know you will plague yourself with guilt.

I know that words alone cannot alleviate the burdens that weigh down on your heart.

However, know that I lived my life to the fullest.

Know that when you read this, I will have passed on with no regret in my heart.

Know that you have brought me more happiness than you could ever imagine.

Know that I am grateful to the universe for delivering you to me.

Know that I am grateful that you were a part of my life.

Know that you have brought more meaning and purpose to my life than you can ever imagine.

Know that I celebrated all your accomplishments, your feats, your successes.

Know that they validated my life.

Know that they are part of why I feel the soulful satisfaction I feel as I write this letter.

The satisfaction I will surely feel as I pass away.

Know that the orphanage, our home, is your haven, not your shackle.

Know that you must live your life the way you must.

Know that I am grateful that you have lived your life the way you have.

And know that I will always love you no matter what.

I hope that this letter will always remind you of the love that you will always have.

I hope that this letter brings you warmth on the coldest days.

I hope that this message brings you light when your world grows dark.

I hope you one day experience the peace that I do as I write this.

I hope my hope reaches you long after I pass.

I hope my love reaches you long after.

I hope it reaches you forever.

With sincere love and adoration, your mother.]

His heart rumbled even as he felt her love gushing into it. It rumbled even as he felt it filling the void filling it.

Little by little, a part of the lost warmth his eyes once had returned.

Little by little, a part of the lost light they once had returned.

He closed his eyes even as tears escaped them.

He opened his mouth, yet nothing escaped, choked with emotion.

Yet, the symphony of his beating heart was loud enough. At that moment, he couldn't help but feel blessed.

Blessed that he was raised by such a miraculously wonderful mother. Blessed that he was born in the Quarrier Family.

Blessed that he was given more love than he could ever be worthy of.

His grandmother waited patiently as he absorbed the message his mother had given him. Rui went on to meticulously memorize every word she had imparted to him in her final message.

He memorized every ounce of the letter with his enhanced senses, making sure he missed nothing.

Within the depths of his Mind Palace, he stored an identical copy of the letter that he could access any time he wanted.

"…Thank you for showing this to me, grandmother," he finally managed to squeeze out. "…Thank your mother, not me," she replied gently. "It is she who sought to ensure that her passing would not burden you. It is she who was determined to ensure that you would remember her with love and not regret."

-



Chapter 2042  The Martial Primordial



It was almost magical how the flood of guilt that had plagued his heart was replaced with even more potent love from his mother in her final message.

It gave him closure.

He didn't know it was possible to love his mother even more than he already did.

He didn't know it was possible to feel more loved by her than he already did.

His mother was determined to ensure that Rui wouldn't spend the rest of his life hating himself for not being there.

And she had succeeded.

And he would always love her for that.

He exhaled heavily as he felt his stiff body loosen up and lighten up more than it ever had in the past five years.

He felt as though his heart had grown stronger.

It had grown stronger from the ever-present and eternal love that his mother always had for him.

"Grandmother…" Rui wiped away his tears. "Can you keep this letter for me?"

"Of course, my child," she replied with a smile. "I shall protect it with my life."

Her words made a soft, grateful smile appear on his face.

"That's better," she remarked approvingly as she studied him. "Perhaps now you are worthy to know."

His eyes lit up with interest at her words. "You mean…?"

"Yes."

Her answer was clear.

"But…" His eyebrows furrowed. "I just recently broke through to the Master Realm."

"…That is indeed true," Sage Nephi calmly replied. "However, I am not going to tell you the secret to the Sage Realm. Or rather, I cannot tell you. I am unable to."

Rui's powerful mind processed her words furiously as he recalled her earlier words.

"…You implied that the power of the Sage Realm is something that is beyond our understanding of it." He frowned.

"Mmm…" She stirred. "…Well?" Rui asked impatiently. "How does one reach the Sage Realm and not know what it is?"

She shook her head. "I cannot say. But I can tell you a story."

He tilted his head in confusion. "Story?"

"…The story of the first Martial Sage."

"The Martial Primordial?" Rui grew eager.

The Martial Primordial.

The Martial Artist who discovered the Master, Sage, and Transcendent Realms. He was the first Martial Master, the first Martial Sage, and the first Martial Transcendent.

A man at the very pinnacle of all Martial Art. Nôv(el)B\\jnn

Many Martial Artists across the vast Martial World regarded the Martial Primordial as the spiritual leader of Martial Art.

This was despite the fact that, as with all Transcendents, his involvement with the world mysteriously completely and entirely ceased. Yet, every Martial Artist knew his name.

Rui was no different.

"Indeed." His grandmother quietly nodded. "After having scoured the length and breadth of the vast Master Realm, he came to a single conclusion…"

Her eyes sharpened. "…that he had reached the pinnacle of Martial Art."

Rui gazed at her silently. "Had anyone else made that declaration, they would undoubtedly have been labeled as a narcissist, not uncommon amongst Martial Masters back then," Matriarch Nephi continued. "But when he, of all people, made that declaration, nobody could object."

Her tone grew severe.

"He was the strongest," she stated with certainty. "He came to the conclusion that he had reached the pinnacle of Martial Art and that Martial Art had nothing left to offer. Having mastered the depths of mind and body, he didn't see any path forward. He, who was driven to reach the pinnacle of Martial Art, was now devoid of drive. Dismayed by the Reign of the Master Realm yet powerless to stop it, he departed the Human Domain and left for the Beast Domain..."

Her eyes slowly turned to Rui. "…where he secluded himself atop the highest mountain he could find and isolated himself from the rest of the world."

Rui frowned, yet he didn't interrupt her.

"Devoid of drive, he found himself devoid of purpose and meaning," she remarked. "He began to wonder why he had chased the pinnacle of Martial Art his entire life. He began to wonder what it was about him that had caused him to be one who chased after the pinnacle of Martial Art. He found himself asking a single question, over and over."

Her powerful gaze bore itself into him.

"Do you know what that question is?"

Realization dawned on him. "'Who am I?'"

She nodded. "Precisely. He asked himself that very question fervently. He immersed himself in the endless depth of the question for every second of every day, of every year for an entire century…"

Her tone culminated with finality.

"…and only then did he gain enlightenment. He became an ascetic, an honored being, a sage. A Martial Sage," she remarked lightly. "That is the most discrete line I am able to draw to isolate what the Sage Realm is. It is the answer to the question that each Martial Master must ask themselves after reaching the end of their path."

"'…After reaching the end of their path?'" Rui's eyes widened, stunned.

The implications of her words were frightening.

"Correct."

Her voice was firm. "After all…" She closed her eyes. "How can you know who you are when you do not know what you can do?"

A profound light lit up in her eyes as she opened them. "…And how can you know what you can do when you do not know what you cannot?"

Her tone grew profoundly deep. "Potential and actuality. Possibility and impossibility. The lines that separate these antithetical dualities also separate who you are from who you aren't."

"…I don't understand."

His voice was honest.

Frankly, if not for the fact that his own grandmother, a powerful Martial Sage, was the one informing him of this, he would have scoffed it off as philosophical and metaphorical nonsense.

He was unable to parse how 'who you are' had any relevance to Martial power.

It made no sense whatsoever.

Even if he somehow discovered evidence that he truly was John Falken or or even more evidence that he wasn't, how could that possibly elevate his Martial power?

-



Chapter 2043 Martial Qualia

His grandmother smiled gently at the confusion that had clearly manifested itself on his face.

"There is a saying…" Her voice grew soft. "…Power does not change a person, it only reveals who they are. People are capable of stooping to hell if they have the power to get away with it. Inability to act is mistaken for the choice not to. People mistake themselves as good-hearted and kind when, in reality, they simply are unable to do the things that they think they are choosing not to."

"Power does not change, but merely reveal who one truly is…?" A hint of understanding finally dawned on Rui. "So the more powerful one is, the more one can understand who they truly are because their power revealed who they truly are."

"Precisely, my grandchild," she nodded with approval.

The mechanics of how self-understanding somehow resulted in a massive power boost for Martial Sages was still beyond him.

He still couldn't fathom how simply knowing 'who you are' could result in such a massive boost in power.

However, he gained a slightly better understanding of what it took to reach the former.

"In all previous Realm, power had very little correlation, if at all, with progress to the next Realm," she continued. "However, that pattern breaks in the Master Realm. The strongest Martial Masters are those who are the closest to answering the question 'Who am I?'"

"That's…" Rui grew engrossed in her words. "That's very different from the Lower Realms."

His grandmother nodded approvingly. "Indeed. That is why there is division in most Martial philosophies between the Lower Realms and the Upper Realms. There are too many differences in many aspects in addition to the ones that I have mentioned. Even in the Silas Martial taxonomy that the Silas Clan subscribes to, Pathforthers and Bodyforgers are also categorized separately from Mindforger and Soulforgers."

Rui's eyes widened as he heard her name the Sage Realm in the Silas Martial philosophy. "Soulforger…?"

"Indeed, I am a soulforger."

"…Is that what the answer to the question 'who am I?' is considered to be?" Rui's eyes sharpened. "The 'soul?'"

Matriarch Nephi did not miss the tightening of his muscles, the gritting of his teeth, and the other physiological shifts that indicated that she had touched a nerve.

She had absolutely no idea why he reacted this way to the mention of 'soul,' but she didn't wish to pry.

He was not a child of any age or in Realm.

He would have to overcome his own challenges with his own personal strength; otherwise, he would not be qualified to enter the Sage Realm.

"Do not fixate on the nomenclature. It is not a 'soul' as conceptualized in theology. Different philosophies call it different things." She remarked. "Moksha. Nirvana. Bodhi. Satori. Prejna. Kensho. Shaman. Vimukti. The Third Eye. The Union. The Essence of Tao. The Harmony of Self etc. You may pick among the various philosophies that exist around the world. For the sake of simplicity and uniformity, the various constituents Panamic Martial Federation has collectively designated it as the 'Martial Soul,' as a flexible placeholder that can be substituted with any of the aforementioned philosophies."

Rui stared at her, stunned. "The Martial Soul? A placeholder?"

"Correct," his grandmother patiently nodded. "That is what is tentatively used to refer to the power of the Sage Realm and the answer to the question that all Martial Masters must strive to answer."

Rui grew engrossed in everything that she had divulged to him.

It was a lot to take in.

"…I am not accustomed to facing such uncertainty in the established path forward," Rui admitted. "There was universal agreement on the Martial Body, the Martial Heart, and the Martial Mind. But here, no one seems to understand what the so-called 'Martial Soul' is."

"It is not that nobody understands it," she explained. "It is that it cannot be conveyed. Those who understand it also understand that it cannot be described in words. It is information that cannot be conveyed through words, language, or even hypnosis and non-verbal communication. It is an ineffable qualia that only I and my fellow soulforgers are able to understand and experience."

A qualia was an experience within consciousness that could not be conveyed. Experiences of colors, sounds, odors, inside the mind could not be directly conveyed in its essence. No one could ever describe what the experience of red at its very essence was beyond merely pointing at the color red and uttering 'red.'

"That is even more true for the soul," she remarked with elderly wisdom. "It's not just that it cannot be conveyed. Even among those of us soulforgers who do understand it, we do not necessarily agree with each other what it is. Soulforgers like myself call it the soul and conceptualize it as our inner self. Other Martial Sages believe that it is a form of internal harmony. Some believe that it is an existential potential that stretches from the mind across the very fundamental material of the being. And so on and so forth. The experience can not only not be conveyed in a scientific manner, but it also cannot be agreed upon as to what it is even among the vague metaphorical language that is often used to describe it."

"…" Rui stared at her with amazement and awe. "That feels like the Sage Realm is still being explored. As if it's still a mystery waiting to be solved."

"…That's not too far from the truth," she resonated with his words. "The Upper Realms are where the theoretical considerations and scientific exploration of Martial Art by research scholars are highly limited. In the first place, the qualia of mind is a domain where science may categorically be obsolete. Where science stops, the philosophy begins, and only we soulforgers can explore its depths."

Rui had so many questions that he wanted to ask that he was simply unable to decide, he had just begun to touch at the very highest echelons of Martial Art and it was already more vast than he had ever imagined.

-



Chapter 2044  Power Reveals



He was not accustomed to facing such a lack of certainty and clarity in what the breakthrough to the next Realm was.

Previously, when the conditions of the next Realm were explained, there was never even the slightest shred of ambiguity. Yet, this time, a Martial Sage was saying that she couldn't even actually explain in words what the conditions to the next Realm were.

"Why is the Sage Realm such a mystery when Martial Transcendents exist?" Rui raised an eyebrow. "I would have thought that the Transcendent Realm is the mystery Realm, whatever it even is."

"If the Martial Transcendents are able to shed more light on the Sage Realm to dispel the lack of clarity, then they certainly aren't interested in doing so, considering that not a single one of them has bothered to," she grumbled begrudgingly. "Aside from the great Transcendent Prophet, the lot of them mostly do nothing." Nôv(el)B\\jnn

Rui wasn't surprised she mentioned that exception, considering that the Silas Clan basically worshipped the Transcendent Prophet.

Yet, he wasn't interested in pursuing the topic.

"About the so-called 'enlightenment'…" His eyebrows furrowed. "Is the breakthrough to the Sage Realm a gradual process or an instantaneous transition?"

"Most certainly the latter," she calmly informed him. "You either know who you are, or you don't. The moment you do, you will have discovered your Martial Soul and have gained the power of the Sage Realm."

"…Earlier, you said that, unlike on lower Realms, there is a strong correlation between the power level of Martial Masters and progress to the Sage Realm," Rui continued. "Does that mean all strong Martial Masters have a deeper understanding of who they are, or that those who do not are necessarily weaker?"

"The correlation is not absolute," she lightly answered. "As mentioned, power does not change; it merely reveals who you truly are. It helps one understand who they truly are, but there are other variables that sometimes cause a Martial Master to diverge from this trend, causing strong Martial Masters to have lower self-awareness or weaker Martial Artists to be closer to discovering their inner soul. An example of that would be…"

Her eyes peered deeper into his. "…Yourself. You are strong, yet you are deeply confused about who you are. Not only are you deeply confused, you are deeply distressed. Despite your power serving as a good reflection of who you are, something much deeper has muddied the water, making it difficult to see your reflection."

She closed her eyes. "I cannot imagine what could have happened in the Beast Domain of all places, but whatever you have experienced has clearly shaken you and left you confused. The less you understand who you are, the more power you will need to gain the self-understanding needed to break through to a higher Realm of power…"

"The less I understand who I am, the more power I'll need…?"

"Correct, though in your case…" She gazed at him with a hint of sympathy. "…I cannot imagine how much power you will need to finally gain the self-understanding you seek. You will need extraordinary power. You will need more power than any Martial Master in the history of Martial Art has ever needed to understand themselves. You will need to become the strongest Martial Master to have ever existed, and only then, perhaps, can you overcome the gaping abyss of self-confusion in your heart."

"…"

Rui simply stared at her for a moment before closing them. "In other words, I have an extremely poor affinity for the Sage Realm."

"…I suppose you can say that," Matriarch Nephi stirred at his words. "Though, you have the added benefit of youth and potential. Despite reaching the Master Realm, I am unable to detect the limit of your potential. That being said, your you also means less experience, so its advantages may cancel out its disadvantages in the long run. Still, your youth will mean that growing in the Master Realm will be easier for you than it is for other Martial Masters."

"…Does gaining more self-understanding make you stronger?"

"It's entirely useless until you break through," she remarked. "Martially, at least. Self-understanding will allow you to lead a more meaningful life outside of Martial Art. People who have a greater understanding of who they are tend to live life accordingly."

"…Power does not change, it merely reveals who you are, does it?" Rui murmured to himself as he considered it.

She regarded him momentarily.

"In some ways, a person is the sum totality of their choices." Her tone grew sagely. "Thus, to know every choice you would make is to know yourself. Yet, how can you know every choice you would make if you are unable to choose? Power is the ability to choose, it forces people to make choices. And those choices show them who they truly are. Those without power insist they will never abuse it, yet the moment they gain it, what happens? How many truly remain as they were before they gained power?"

Rui considered her words. "…Almost absolutely none."

"That is correct," she nodded approvingly. "Power merely unlocks the true person hidden deep inside. Those who believed they would never abuse power come to realize that they mistook weakness and inability for moral integrity. A weak man who does no harm is not a good man; he just lacks the power to be bad."

Rui stared at her, furrowing his eyebrows. "…I think I know what choices I would make."

"Oh, do you, now?" She raised an eyebrow. "Did you know you would choose your freedom as a Martial Artist over your family before a life-threatening situation forced you to choose seventeen years ago?"

Rui winced as she brought up the crucial decision he made when Chairman Deacon discovered the identity of the Voider. "…I had an inkling, but I was more agnostic about it. I only gained certainty of what choice I would make when I was forced to choose."

That choice shaped him. Or rather, it showed him what shape he was. He had learned more about what kind of person he was when he made that choice.



Chapter 2045  Clarity



"That is how it is with all choices. You never know what choice you will make until you are confronted with the choice. The stronger you become, the more you are able to choose that you were unable to before, and the more you learn about yourself with the choices you do end up making," his grandmother continued in a sagely tone. "Choices are an expression of one's self in that regard. They come from heart, mind, and soul. Words, on the other hand, are shallow and fickle. They mean nothing. They do not reflect who you truly. Actions speak louder than words. Power gives you the ability to act and thus, to know."

It is true that Rui understood himself less until he was forced to make hard choices such as his choice between his family and freedom when Chairman Deacon discovered his identity. Or, more recently, when he was confronted with difficult choices after his princehood came to light. His choice to instead pursue the Divine Doctor gave him deeper insights into what kind of person he was that he would have otherwise not known.

"However, I have power."

Matriarch Nephi raised an eyebrow. "Martial power, but also, political power," Rui replied calmly. "I can exert influence on all of East Panama with the political power that I have at the moment, does that not allow me to understand myself better due to a wider array of choices I can make?"

"All Martial Artists have some political power," she remarked. "In your case, however, your political power exceeds your Martial power. Unfortunately, it does not help nearly as much as Martial power does. You're far better off cultivating Martial power than political. There are reasons that political power does not turn politicians into enlightened sages."

Rui narrowed his eyes. "…Is it because political power is not their own?"

"Correct." She nodded approvingly. "It can be taken away. It exists outside of you. Its exertion is constrained and influenced by many factors in addition to your own. Leaders often do not truly make their choices, but the choices that their many stakeholders and citizens may want. Their choices are constrained by the desire to not lose their ability to choose. They are constrained by checks and balances that impact their choices. They learn less than if the sole driving factor behind their own political actions was their own soul rather than countless external factors that directly muddy the water."

Rui understood what she was saying. "…Martial power, on the other hand, is pure. It does not require the approval of a system of checks and balances to exert itself. Our ability to exercise power is absolutely unconstrained, and our choices to exert it are a direct reflection of who we truly are. Not even the most absolute of emperors have such unconstrained and absolute power that can never be stolen from them."

"If you have understood that, then you should understand that you are better off cultivating your own power. Our Martial Art and Path are reflections of ourselves that aid in giving us a deeper understanding of ourselves," she regarded him appreciatively. "The stronger you grow, the more choices you will need to make, the more you understand yourself. The pursuit of the Soulforger rank boils down to a pure pursuit of power."

"…Normally, each Realm pursues power a little differently than the previous Realm," Rui muttered. "Apprentices pursue general individuality. Squires pursue individuality to draw out physical power. Seniors pursue individuality to draw out mental power. What do Masters work to draw out?"

She shrugged. "Whatever they want to. There is always some untapped potential, however little it may be. However difficult it may be to manifest. By the Master Realm, a Martial Artist has already come into touch with their affinities, be it body, mind, or anything in between. They need only to cultivate it further."

"…In my case, that would be my Martial Mind," Rui remarked. "I guess I will have to improve it.

"I wouldn't recommend it," she remarked. "Your Martial Mind is extremely powerful, but I sense you have already created an extremely sophisticated and complex Martial Mind from the very beginning. Improving it after it is going to be highly difficult because it is already extraordinarily powerful. Creating an even more powerful system of thought than your existing ones will be even more difficult."

"True," Rui admitted.

The VOID algorithm, the Angel of Laplace, the SOUL System, and the Tree of Life were all extraordinary systems of thought. Improving them at this point would take an extraordinary amount of effort. As for replacing them with an even more powerful system of thought?

"Hah," Rui scoffed at the very thought of it. "I suppose your point is that I ought to focus on my Martial Art and Body?"

She nodded. "Your Martial Body is underutilized compared to your Martial Mind. Additionally, now that you have gained the Martial Mind, it would be better for you to acclimatize your Martial Art techniques to your Martial Mind. That is the most common path that Martial Masters take when they break through to the Master Realm. To make their techniques more thoughtful to be highly synergetic with their systems of thought."

"I've already done that with some techniques," Rui replied. "I suppose I'll have to dedicate myself to it more now that my Martial Mind has awakened."

While some techniques like Flux Earther and Phantom Step were more synergetic with his systems of thought, the same could not necessarily be said for the rest of his Martial Art. Nôv(el)B\\jnn

In addition, he was very keen to solve the fact that none of his offensive techniques were synergetic with his Martial Mind. It reduced his finishing power even after he adaptively evolved to his opponents.

He would need to figure out some way to directly empower his offense with thought.

"I have many things to consider, but…" Rui smiled at his grandmother with gratitude. "Thank you for giving me clarity on my path in the Master Realm."

"Hmph," she snorted. "This much is basic. However, I wasn't done. Thought-synergetic techniques and Body may be the best way to develop your Martial Art, but they are not the best way for you to grow stronger."

-



Chapter 2046 Pay a Visit

﻿﻿Rui immediately understood what she was getting at.

"Experience."

"Correct," she nodded. "Prior to breaking through, you had more than enough experience from years in the Beast Domain. However, that was before you broke through."

Rui had to admit that she was right.

As far as being a Martial Master went, he was newborn infant.

"You need to gain experience with using your Martial Mind in combat. You need to gain experience with using your Martial Art, Body, and Heart alongside it," she continued. "In addition, you need experience against Martial Masters. Experience with beasts and monsters in the Beast Domain is all well and good, but the biggest threat to a Martial Master is another Martial Master. While Master-level beasts and monsters need an overwhelming numbers advantage against Martial Master, your peers are strong enough to fight and defeat you by themselves."

Rui's expression grew more serious as he absorbed her words.

"Combat in the Master Realm is more dynamic and less certain than that of the Lower Realms. There are far more variables and parameters that matter," she remarked. "You have a powerful Martial Mind, but you have not fought other Martial Minds. Your Martial Art does not utilize your Martial Mind as well as other Martial Masters do. I would recommend you hone your combat with experience and refine your Martial Art experience before you return to training."

"…I presume you mean more than just sparring," Rui replied. "Sparring is great, but it does not compare to genuine combat. It certainly doesn't compare to life-and-death combat."

"Just so," she nodded. "Thankfully, you have returned to a nation with nearly a hundred and sixty Martial Masters, so you don't need to search very far."

"…Yeah, but most of them are in the Martial Union," Rui heaved a sigh as he felt a headache coming back to him.

He had not forgotten that mess that he had to deal with.

"You will have to deal with it on your own," she closed her eyes. "While it is true that I have gained a lot of power and influence within the Martial Union, I will not be able to protect you. In fact, any attempt on my part will make it worse, it will provoke the rest of the Sage Council who are also displeased with your deceit."

"…I suppose that means I'm going to be dealing with the Master Council," Rui replied with a severe expression. "That is the norm for offenses perpetrated by Martial Masters. Based on my estimations, there is a high probability that the Martial Union will attempt a form of peacemaking. There is a low probability that they will break relations with me or persecute me for fraud."

Rui had gathered enough data on the Martial Union to model their behavior and decision-making. Thus, he had enough reason to believe that things had not turned for the worse.

"You have made too many contributions." His grandmother gazed at him knowingly. "They will let you out with a slap on the wrist."

"I'm afraid you're wrong."

Rui's tone was certain. "Outside of the faction that is through- and-through pro-me, there will be a lot of disgruntled Martial Masters who will be pissed that I cheated them of their efforts. I wouldn't be pleased if I were in their position, either. I wasn't able to build form personal rapports with each of them as I did with the ones that I am closest with."

"Are you certain about that?"

"About eighty-six percent certain, yes," Rui's eyes narrowed. "I highly doubt I can get away without paying for my deceit. And frankly, I do not believe that I should get away scott-free."

His grandmother frowned at his words. "You want to be punished? Is this an attempt at trying to learn more about who you are, my grandson?"

"Hah," A mirthless laugh escaped Rui. "No. It's a consideration for long-term well-being."

"I do not follow."

"A portion of the Martial Union will never forgive me if I do not pay reparations, at the very least," Rui replied. "These are some of the hardliner Martial Masters and Martial Sages that will harbor resentment towards me for taking from them without giving back. I do not wish to have any more enemies within the Kandrian Empire. Especially powerful enemies. Thus, it is within my interests to make reparations for cheating them. Especially when they are well within their right to demand it."

"…That is rather honorable of you. But that's not going to be easy, my grandson," his grandmother calmly advised him. "The Martial Union has invested immense Martial and wealth into your deceitful campaign. Eve for a Martial Master of your caliber that cannot be repaid easily."

Yet, her words brought a smirk to his face. "Don't worry. I know how they think. I have some juicy trump cards that will dazzle them so much that they will forget that I ever defrauded them."

His grandmother gazed at him quizzically as Rui's smirk widened at the thought of their reaction to his successful capture of the Divine Doctor, the Elder Tree intelligence network, and some secrets of his Martial Art that he had kept hidden for a long, long time.

"The Master Council is holding a meeting as we speak," his grandmother informed him. "They were alerted of your return the moment you went back to the orphanage and have scrambled to put together a meeting to deal with your return and the revelation of your breakthrough." His grandmother calmly remarked.

"That is to be expected, considering that one of the guards around the orphanage was of the Martial Union," Rui muttered with intrigue as a glint of amusement flickered in his eyes. "It would be rather interesting if I crashed that meeting, wouldn't it?"

His grandmother peered at him disapprovingly, like he was a mischievous boy. "That is rather juvenile."

"I am a Martial Master," Rui reminded her. "So I am well within my right to enter that meeting. Besides, I do not have the patience to gather all of them another time."

He turned in the direction of Vargard with enthusiasm even as his grandmother heaved a sigh.

"Let's go pay them a visit, shall we?"

-



Chapter 2047  Wagering Gauntlet



"So be it," the Harbinger remarked with an eerie voice.

Many of the Martial Masters in the hall could not help but wonder if this had been her plan from the very beginning. Perhaps she wanted to measure the Void Prince's capabilities in the Master Realm from the very get-go and didn't want to wait for the opportunity to see him fight.

Nobody objected, even if that was the case. Nôv(el)B\\jnn

In truth, they would be lying if they said they weren't curious about what Prince Rui was like after breaking through to the Master realm.

"We still haven't ironed out the details, of course." Master Sera smiled. "We need to choose an appropriate combatant. Someone who isn't too difficult nor too easy, someone who will truly push the Void Prince to his limits before he could even possibly achieve victory…"

Unfortunately, to arrange for such an opponent, one would need to have a precise understanding of how strong the Void Prince really was.

"I volunteer!" Master Herel's voice boomed. A wave of murmurs spread across the council.

It appeared that Master Herel particularly had a bone to pick with Rui, for some reason.

"That's hardly fair," Master Vericita coldly shot back. "You are a high-grade Martial Master, even if barely. There is absolutely no justification to pit a high-grade Martial Master against a new Martial Master who is merely thirty-five years old."

"Hah!" Master Herel snorted at her words, glaring at her. "Good. He deserves a little beating. I will not be satisfied until I see him pay for his deceit!"

The murmurs from the Master Council rose in volume as the various Martial Masters chimed into the controversy.

"I won't allow such an unfair match-up!" Master Ceeran roared. "It is indeed a deeply questionable proposition," Master Zentra calmly remarked. "It makes me wonder if you care about justice or simply want to hurt him."

"I propose we estimate the general territory of the Void Prince's power level in the Martial Master and choose one in the same region," Headmaster Aronian's elderly voice stated. "In this manner, there is truly a fair chance for His Highness to be able to grab the fate he desires."

"That does not account for compatibility discrepancies," The Truthseeker objected with a composed tone. "Should he face a battle with poor compatibility, then he will most certainly be unfairly disadvantaged. The same can be said if he faces a battle with unfair compatibility in his favor. He will not have earned his slap on the wrist."

That was a sensible point to bring up.

"Hah!" Master Herel snorted. "So not only do we need to find him an opponent that is of his grade, roughly speaking, but is also of neutral compatibility with him to make the perfect opponent? What do you think this is? The Senior Realm? We don't have so many choices!"

There were only a hundred and fifteen Martial Masters of the Marital Union in total, including that of the Silas Clan. The selection pool was much smaller.

Despite the Master Realm being much wider, the number of Martial Masters was barely a tenth compared to the number of Martial Seniors. Martial Masters were truly among the fleeting elite, looming over an overwhelming majority of Martial Artists.

Many wondered if it was even possible to find a perfect match for the Void Prince. That wasn't the only concern.

"I won't accept the result of the battle if it is with a Martial Master sympathetic to the Void Prince!" Master Herel snarled. "A Martial Master on his side can throw the battle intentionally to ensure that the Void Prince gets off easy!"

A number of Martial Masters voiced their support for the elderly Martial Master's words.

Unfortunately, it only complicated the matter by reducing the pool of available Martial Masters even further.

Their opinions couldn't be dismissed as they were large enough to prevent any motion from being passed by collectively voting.

"It appears that finding a singular opponent will complicate matters to an extreme degree," the Harbinger observed. "In that case, I propose a gauntlet of three different Martial Masters of different grades. Should he win less than he loses, we will go with Master Herel's harsh proposal of the strictest action. Should he win more than he loses, we will go with Master Zentra's balanced proposal, and should he win all battles, we will go with Master Ceeran's gentle proposal. Does that sound fair?"

Many of the Martial Masters gazed at her with skepticism.

She said finding him a singular suitable opponent was too complicated before proposing an even more complicated plan.

Yet, at least as far as comprehensively pushing and letting his Martial power grasp his own fate, there was probably no fairer setup than the one she had proposed. It gave him more than one chance while not dismissing any failure.

"As for ensuring that the chosen combatants for the gauntlet will not hold back or allow the prince to win," she continued. "Let us ensure that all of them are selected from the very group that has objected for this reason and has vocally been against the Void Prince."

She smiled icily at the group of anti-Rui Martial Masters who, in turn, gulped inwardly. By tossing the matter on them, they no longer had any avenue of complaint. If they complained even after gaining the opportunity to fight and defeat Rui, then that was no different from conceding that they did not believe they could handle the Void Prince.

"Hmph, we are by no means a singular group," Master Herel snorted. "But I accept this proposal. As long as the Martial Masters fighting him are doing their best to defeat him, I do not have any objection. I actually enjoy this proposal because it increases the chances of me getting the battle I seek against the Void Prince."

Several other Martial Masters were also in agreement with this proposal for the same reason. The pro-Rui faction could not object since they could not, in good faith, deny that they were not compromised. No one would believe them even if they tried.

-



Chapter 2048  Impenetrable



"All in favor?" The Harbinger smiled frostily. All hands rose up in the air. Even if they had minor misgivings, there were few better alternative options in their perspective, if at all. "Good." Her calm voice spread. "Then this council unanimously passes the drafted motion. It is decided that Master Rui Quarrier Silas Kandria shall be subject to a gauntlet of battles against three Masters from the three sections of the thirty grades of the Master Realm, such that more losses than victories will result in the Martial Union pursuing Master Herel's proposal, more wins than losses; Master Zentra's proposal, and a complete victory; Master Ceeran's proposal."

Her tone was finality.

The Martial Masters of the council fell into thought. "Now then," Master Sera continued. "We will reconvene after issuing a summon to Master Rui and informing him of the Master Council's decision, should he refu—"

She froze.

She was the first to notice.

Something had changed.

It was abrupt.

The others sensed the change as well, stiffening.

The air stirred.

It boiled.

It boiled tumultuously as a tremendous aura of power crept across the entire council hall.

It pricked at their senses. It tingled at their instincts.

It drew closer and closer.

And closer.

Until it had finally arrived.

CLACK

The massive gates behind the Harbinger opened.

He had arrived.

"Ah…" A single murmur escaped him. "…It's been long."

Their eyes widened as they beheld him standing at the entrance of the council hall.

In an instant, recognition, realization, and disbelief surged through the minds of the various Martial Masters in the council hall.

For a moment, none of them could move, frozen in shock.

It wasn't the fact that he was a Martial Master that shackled them in their own incredulity.

No.

It was his Martial Mind.

They had always wondered what it would be like.

How could they not?

They always knew that he was the equivalent of the Gatekeeper of the Mind.

They always knew that his Martial Path embodied one of the core universal principles at the heart of Martial Minds.

They always knew that it would be unlike anything they had ever seen.

They always knew it would redefine what was possible.

Yet, what they beheld before exceeded even their wildest imagination.

It was unfathomable.

Impenetrable.

An endless vortex of information.

A void

It flowed from one state to another.

It flowed from one person to another.

Like Water.

It subsumed reality.

When they bore witness to him.

It was as though heaven and earth warped under the weight of the mind, adaptively evolving the world to be antithetical to everyone and everything.

An apocalypse of unfathomable proportion.

It was the most powerful Martial Mind they had ever beheld in their lives.

The room darkened as a single realization dawned on them.

They could not sense the depths of his mind.

Not even in the slightest.

It was a humiliating revelation.

It meant only one thing.

His Martial Mind was astronomically superior to each and every single one of theirs.

Within the Master Realm, barring stealth and sensory techniques, the capacity to sense each other's emotions was an accurate representation of the power of their Martial Minds relative to each other.

Masters with lesser Martial Minds could sense less of the emotions of a Master with a greater Martial Mind.

Thus, Masters with weaker Martial Minds often had to bear the humiliation of having their emotions and mental dynamics be transparent to Martial Masters with stronger Martial Minds while being able to sense very little of the emotions and mental dynamics of their stronger peers.

Today, however, was the first time that any Martial Master was entirely unable to sense the emotions and mental dynamics of a fellow Master.

He was inscrutable

When they tried, they could see nothing.

An empty abyss.

A void.

It was humiliating, for all of them alike.

It meant that the Martial Mind of Master Rui Quarrier Silas Kandria exceeded theirs by an astronomical margin.

A Martial Artist at the age of thirty-five, a boy by their standards, vastly exceeded the crystallization of centuries' worth of effort that these vaunted Martial Masters had painstakingly exerted.

It was deeply unpleasant, yet undeniably real.

The revelation stunned them silently.

"Masters of the Martial Union."

His voice radiated power.

Pure, unadulterated power.

It demanded their attention. n/o/vel/b//in dot c//om

His dark eyes swept through the many constituents of the Master Council. "I have returned."

He regarded the silent council with regretful eyes. "I am aware of the agenda behind this particular council meeting," he calmly informed them. "I am aware that I cannot escape the consequences of my decei—"

"—Your Highness."

The Harbinger's chilling voice cut through his words with even greater force.

"…Master Sera." His eyes narrowed as he directed his gaze at her. "Your words are, frankly, meaningless," her tone was perilous. "Had you arrived a little sooner, they might not have been. But as things stand at this very moment, nothing you say will change what you must do."

Rui frowned at her. "…What have you done?"

An eerie smile emerged on her face.

Chilling darkness lingered in the depths of her eyes.

He could sense a single emotion within the depths of her mind.

An endless desire for carnage.

Chills crawled across his skin as a single realization dawned on him.

'She can easily kill me any time she wants.'

His expression grew guarded and wary as his nerves tingled under the weight of her attention.

"Master Rui Quarrier Silas Kandria." Her tone was officious.

She addressed him as the speaker of the Master Council.

"You have defrauded the Martial Union of immense Martial and financial capital."

Her words reminded everybody of the agenda, breaking them out of their stupor and pulling them back to reality.

"You have caused our union to incur immense losses. Losses that far exceed the sum totality of your contributions for which you had been remunerated prior."

Her gaze sharpened.

"This council has unanimously passed a motion on what our settlement offer to you will be. Listen carefully, for it is your only chance to restore what has been broken."

-



Chapter 2049 Reaffirmed Bonds

Rui listened patiently as the speaker of the Master Council quickly explained the conditions of the Master Council's proposal.

A gauntlet of three Martial Masters in rapid succession.

Three possible outcomes based on his victories and losses.

A slap on the wrist and a mild scolding if he achieved the best possible outcome.

A debt to repay all the losses he made the Martial Union incur through contributions for free if he won more than he lost.

And a harsh demand to concede any and everything of value he had in regard to Martial Art and to become a member of the internal corps in the chain of command, answerable to the very council he faced.

"Of course," Master Sera patiently continued. "Should you choose to refuse to accept this settlement offer and refuse to engage with it, then we shall simply assume that you are a hostile entity and press charges and prosecute you under the provisions and protocols of the Martial Judiciary Delegation Act on account of high fraud."

Rui simply stared at her.

Based on her tone, she didn't appear to know that his father had already been healed of the Eternal Dream Disease and would wake up in a few days.

The Emperor of Harmony possessed the power and authority to challenge charges under the provisions of the very same act she cited. It was why Prince Randal, Raemina, Ranea, and Rafia had turned to their father as the only person who could protect them from the wrath of the Martial Union after Rui secured proof of their crimes of murder consOriginal.

Still, he had no intention of going down that route.

"I accept the offer of the Martial Union."

His voice was firm and confident.

"I shall fight to earn my acquittal."

"…So be it," An eerie smile of excitement appeared on the Harbinger's face.

A wave of finality and conclusion washed across the entire Master Council.

It no longer mattered what one thought about the gauntlet duel and wager proposal of the Harbinger.

The Void Prince had accepted.

Unbeknownst to them, however, Rui had no intention of contesting their demands.

He had previously intended to give them access to some of his revolutionary trump cards for free or at a low price as reparations for his deceit and crimes of fraud against them.

However…

A smile crept up on his face.

How could he possibly let go of the opportunity to fight for real?

He had just arrived at the Master Council meeting after a discussion with his grandmother, where they agreed that he needed real combat experience against Martial Masters.

Ideally, genuine conflict rather than light sparring.

There was no greater opportunity than to pick three fights against Martial Masters who were genuinely pissed off against him.

At the moment, there was no quicker way to gain access to real combat experience within the Master Realm.

"What about the details?" Rui questioned. "Conditions for victory, manner of choosing opponents, time and location."

"They will be fleshed out in the contract that the Martial Union will offer to you," Master Sera calmly answered him. "This sort of duel and wager is hardly new, and the Martial Union will use standards templates. Rest assured, you won't be disenfranchised."

He shrugged lightly, accepting her words.

"This council has fulfilled the agenda of the meeting…" she remarked, glancing at Rui deeply one last time. "Council dismissed."

And with that, the meeting officially concluded.

The first to rise were the anti-Rui Martial Masters, who glared at him with resentment before departing from the council hall in a hurry.

Almost as if they couldn't afford to remain in his presence for too long.

Yet, the sight of it merely brought a wry smile to his face.

"Clever."

Rui's ability to gather data on his opponents was extraordinarily high and extraordinarily well-recorded by the Martial Union. With each passing second that they remained in his presence, they increased the probability that he would somehow snatch victory against them.

"Rui…"

His gaze turned to those who had arrived before him.

Master Ceeran, Master Zentra, Headmaster Aronian, Master Vericita, and many others had supported him enthusiastically and faithfully with the genuine hope that he would ascend the throne.

He deceived them all.

He betrayed them each time he made promises he knew were false.

He could see in their eyes and in their minds that while they still retained affection for him, they were also dismayed by his deception and deceit.

"My friends…" Rui addressed them as his expression grew apologetic and regretful. "I have wronged you. I don't deny that. I won't pretend that I didn't knowingly do what I did with full awareness of exactly what it was that I was doing."

He bowed his head lightly. "I am sorry for deceiving you. I am sorry for hurting you. I did what I deemed was best for me, and that has undoubtedly led to all of you being wronged. While I cannot undo the past, I certainly can do my best to make it up to all of you and compensate you for the losses you have suffered."

Their gazes softened.

"You already have." Master Ceeran shook his head. "I wouldn't have been a Martial Master without you. Honestly, I wish you had trusted me enough to share all your plans, but I also understand the more people you tell, the likelier an information leak will occur. I am not trained in intelligence security, so I can't really act in a manner that would not reveal the truth to the many prying eyes."

Rui gazed at Master Ceeran appreciatingly.

That was precisely the reason that he didn't tell Master Ceeran.

All of East Panama was watching him and his faction like hawks during the Kandrian Throne War.

Even the slightest whiff of suspicious words or actions and entire intelligence agencies would be on the trail.

He couldn't have that.

"While I was quite displeased by your deceit, I have ultimately decided to forgive you." Master Zentral remarked calmly.

"It takes a big man to admit his wrongdoings," Headmaster Aronian's gaze softened. "However, you do not need to apologize. There are some things that simply need to be done as a matter of inevitability."

Master Vericita simply approached him, patting him. "You've been a good son to your father. Family matters."

"Also." Master Ceeran grinned. "Congratulations on your extraordinary breakthrough to the Master Realm!"

Rui smiled warmly as he reaffirmed bonds with friends that he made in the Martial Union.

-



