Chapter 2200: Biggest Thorn

﻿

"I told him to go easy on them..." Emperor Rael murmured. "I hope he doesn't give them PTSD like he did Aggragor."

That being said, he didn't mind the PTSD.

It served as an excellent to control and manipulate Sage Aggragor by using his horrific fear of the man as a leash to turn him into an obedient slave who would follow his every command.

It all stemmed from the fact that Aggragor brutally trained him up when he broke through to the Master Realm during the second Martial Revolution. He figured that there was no better way to break through rust than these old retired warriors had accumulated by subjecting them to the Devil himself.

It was ruthless, but he needed to be reliable when the time came. Failure because of their rusty state was not acceptable. In that case, developing PTSD of Damian was an acceptable price to pay as far as he was concerned. There was no one else who could singlehandedly get a firm grip on them the way Damian could, and he would rather not have multiple Martial Sages overlook their training. He needed as many Sages available at all times.

"I was hoping that at least one Martial Master would break through to the Sage Realm before the war began, but oh well."

Even with the treasures of the Kandrian Empire, there was no way that breaking through to the Sage Realm would suddenly become easier. It was still an extraordinarily difficult hurdle to overcome.

More difficult for some than others.

It reminded him of Rui.

His son had refused to re-enter the manifold for more experience.

"Diminishing returns," he had told Rael. "I have already ground through most of the Martial Masters in the manifold for more than a year to get some experience. I have already embarked on powerful projects to fix my deficiency in offense. What I need is genuine, true combat experience as a Master. I have only fought against one Martial Master in a life-or-death battle. That is far too little."

It was a subtle way of telling his father to hurry up with the war.

It brought Rael's attention back to the documents on his table in his Royal Office.

Everything was going according to plan within acceptable margins of deviations. Rui's fiasco at the Panamic Martial Federation had caused more pressure to mount on the Kandrian Empire a lot sooner than he had calculated, causing him to accelerate certain plans ahead of time.

However, for the most part, everything had been on par with his grand plan.

"Soon." His eyes narrowed.

And he wasn't wrong.

The documents before him documented the investigative progress of the three Sage-level powerhouses into the Kandrian Empire. They came looking for mass Apprentice breakthroughs and had begun to gain awareness of some of the other treasures that the Kandrian Empire had begun employing on a large scale.

One by one, they would come to learn of all treasures.

And now, they had come to learn about the Kandrian Empire's second most noticeable treasure after the mass breakthroughs.

The Elder Tree Connection.

This was inescapable.

How in the world would they fail to notice that the productivity index of all ventures into the Beast Domain had increased by nearly two orders of magnitude?

The Kandrian Empire had begun reeling in massive hoards of supplies extracted within the Beast Domain. The yields per operation at all levels had begun to rise up to an entirely different level.

A large stroke of luck for a highly fortunate find happened once in a blue moon.

It didn't happen all the time.

Yet, the Kandrian Empire hit the lottery every single time.

The response of the Republic of Gorteau and the Sekigahara Confederate was as he expected.

Both President Raymond and the Nindo Clan called for an increase in all investigative efforts towards the Kandrian Empire, so much so that they redirected all the investigative efforts into each other and all to the Kandrian Empire.

"Fools." Emperor Rael shook his head with a smile.

However, the Britannian Empire continued aggressively preparing for war.

So much so that Emperor Rael could detect signs of an impending transition to a wartime society.

"Edward..." Rael narrowed his eyes. "As always, you are the biggest thorn in my side."

It was clear that Prime Minister Edward had seen through Rael's broader intentions.

The man did not order a single investigation into the Kandrian Empire.

Instead, he quietly convinced the War Council to prepare for the inevitable war with the Kandrian Empire to ensure that it wouldn't be able to overcome the Great Limit and go far beyond the reach of the Britannian Empire.

On top of that, he continued to pressure both the Republic of Gorteau and the Sekigahara Confederate to pull the trigger on the war.

If not for this man, Emperor Rael would have been much more confident in his ability to go ahead with his grand plans without any hitch.

But alas.

The presence of the Britannian Prime Minister singlehandedly reduced the probability of victory by twenty percent.

In times of war, a good strategist could make a greater impact upon war than any individual Martial Artist.

In his current projection of the future, it would probably only take the exposure of just one more treasure for war to be declared.

This meant that the moment the Divine Doctor or the manifold is revealed, war will be waged.

They could tolerate the mass Apprentice breakthroughs without wanting to wage war, with the hopes of getting their hands on the technique.

They could barely tolerate the clearly absurd success rates with the Beast Domain.

However, did they find out about the Divine Doctor or the manifold?

That was too much.

No amount of bribing of the Gorteau Congress and no amount of incentivizing the Nindo Clan

to continue the intelligence war would be enough. When it came to the bottom line of these powers, they would never allow the Kandrian Empire to rise above them.



Chapter 2201: Final Straw

﻿

Months passed.

The tensions between the three powerhouses continued to rise as the intelligence war was succeeded by a trade war. The three Sage-level powerhouses sought cripple Kandria's economic reach within East Panama with sanctions, tariffs, and tax hikes. Together, they had the power to box the Kandrian Empire.

This was why one of the main three agendas that Emperor Rael had espoused when he addressed the Kandrian government three years ago was economic independence. Thus, the sanctions by his enemies didn't hurt the most vital parts of the nation. However, the Kandrian Empire's ability to trade with other nations outside of its own domain of influence was heavily hampered.

Unfortunately for the three Sage-level powerhouses, he had foreseen this three years ago. Every military war was preceded by economic, information, intelligence, and public relations

wars.

He knew that there would come a day when his enemies would try and suffocate him as a method of pressuring him into surrendering the mass Apprentice breakthroughs.

That was why he had set into motion a solution three years ago.

"Are all the preparations complete, my daughter?" Emperor Rael gazed at Princess Ranea from atop his throne.

"Yes, father," she smiled. "In the past three years, the maritime and seafaring capacity of the Kandrian Empire has been increased fourfold. We have built many shipyards, vessels, and ports across our eastern coast that can support an enormous number of ships at once. I have overseen the development and securing of highly safe and reliable trading routes with countless coastal hubs across East, North, and South Panama. Our maritime trading relations with Esocline Federation and the Gen Temple have greatly increased, firmly solidifying our political relations with the two Sage-level powerhouses."

"You have succeeded with the task I have entrusted to you quite well," Emperor Rael nodded as he read through the latest reports that she had provided him with. "This will allow us to dodge the sanctions, tariffs, and taxes that our enemies seek to suffocate us economically with. The Kandrian economy will only continue rising as it has thus far."

He had entrusted the development of the maritime and seafaring sector of the Kandrian Empire because she had greater expertise on it than even he did.

He wasn't arrogant in that regard; while it was true that no one understood the Kandrian Empire as a whole better than he did, he did not dispute that there were people who understood certain sectors better than he did. When it came to the maritime sector of the Kandrian Empire, she possessed a more intimate understanding of the matter than he did.

A good emperor could do everything.

A great emperor chose not to.

By allocating the management of sub-sectors to vetted, trusted, and known individuals with greater competence in those narrow fields than he did, he made the most of all the resources available by allocating them in the most efficient and effective manner.

Princess Ranea gratefully accepted the opportunity to lead the maritime and seafare sector of the Kandrian Empire as she once had after she was ruthlessly defeated by Rui in the Kandrian Throne War. She had faithfully performed her duties well in the past three years, allowing the Kandrian economy to overcome its economic restraints.

Yet, as he predicted, that only added more heat fuel to the fire, which was the tension between the three Sage-level powerhouses.

A PR war, an intelligence war, and now an economic war.

All three preludes to an actual military and Martial war were underway.

The political sphere of East Panama gritted its teeth as it buckled its seatbelts.

When the powerhouses warred, the smaller nations could only hold on tight and hope they didn't get wiped out in dialectic. Oftentimes, they would suffer heavy losses simply due to the side effects of the immense war. They would catch strays in the form of a vengeful Martial Master and Martial Sage destroying integral parts of the nation.

Of course, there was rarely genocide or something on heinous that scale, for no one wanted to rile up the Panamic Martial Federation, but centers of power, assets, and infrastructure were all fair game.

Only Sage-level nations could retain some agency when the powerhouses fought. Yet, even they had no choice but to bend to the closest Sage-level powerhouse.

Everyone suffered when wars on this scale unfolded.

Hell, everyone suffered even before wars on this scale unfolded.

The impending war loomed heavily on investors and banks, who withheld lending and investing, and it loomed on businessmen and consumers, quietening down economic activity. Consumers withheld spending, anticipating tough times, and businessmen slowed down expansion and began preparing for downsizing, anticipating the downturn.

A deathly silence spread through East Panama.

Even the common folk, who were the slowest and latest on the uptake, began to smell the impending war that loomed over an entire section of the continent.

The Republic of Gorteau and the Sekigahara Confederate began slowing down and reducing investigative and intelligence operations into the mass Apprentice breakthroughs and the inexplicable streak of lottery hits in the Beast Domain ventures of the Kandrian Empire.

It was a sign.

A sign that they were done.

They were done with snooping around Kandria in hopes of finding the secrets to attaining the miracles of the Kandrian Empire. They were tired of the countless wild goose chases that the Emperor of Harmony had kindly prepared for them.

Enough was enough.

The tensions that had begun rising long ago, the vaunted Silas Clan joined the Kandrian Empire many years ago during the throne war had reached their zenith.

Something had to give.

And something did.

The Gorteau Bureau of Intelligence came across a truly shocking discovery by chance.

Sage Kole Kellin, who had mysteriously resigned as Prime Minister after she exiled the Dawnbringer from the Panamic Martial Federation, had been healed from her Shivering

Disease.

Simultaneously, the Nindo Clan learned that many of the newest Apprentices of the Kandrian Empire had already broken through to the Squire Realm just months after becoming

Apprentices!



Chapter 2202 No Choice



President Raymond stared at the intelligence report before him with unadulterated horror. The sheer significance of the information it relayed shook him to his very core. "Is…" He hesitated. "Is this real?"

"…I'm afraid so, Mr. President." The Director of the Gorteau Bureau of Intelligence directed a grave gaze at him. "We barely managed to catch wind of this. We only got this information thanks to our network of spies that had managed to enter the highly classified division in the Kandrian Institute of Biotechnology."

The President of the Republic of Gorteau gritted his teeth as he suppressed the urge to throw up. Just the notion that former High Judge Sage Kole had been healed after joining the Kandrian Empire sent chills down his spine. "What is happening…?" Anger and frustration flashed in his eyes. "Just what is happening in that damned country?!"

President Raymond had been unable to fathom what was going on ever since the Emperor of Harmony had woken up from his long slumber. Ever since the damned Emperor of Harmony had regained control of the Kandrian Empire, he had been entirely elusive and beyond President Raymond's ability to read.

The Kandrian Empire itself had seemingly become a haven for miracles and extraordinarily rare events.

He didn't understand. First, the mass Apprentice breakthroughs, then the miraculous success rate in the Beast Domain, and then the mysterious healing of Sage Kole Kellin after she joined the Kandrian Empire. "At this rate…" His eyes widened as realization dawned on him. "The Kandrian Empire's power as a nation will continue rising until it completely surpasses the Great Limit. Each of these phenomena is pushing the limit by themselves, but together…"

Together, it was clear as day that unless they did something about it soon, it would soon be too late.

President Raymond gritted his teeth as he clenched his fist.

He glanced at a letter on his table.

It bore the crest of the Britannian Empire.

'His predictions…' President Raymond's eyes widened. 'They all came true. He had known from the very start…!'

Over the past few months, the prime minister of the Britannian Empire had been slowly warming him up to the idea of war against the Kandrian Empire. He had been chipping at President Raymond's reluctance to pick a fight with the Emperor of Harmony, of all people, bit by bit.

"We need to act immediately, Mr. President." His vice president grew stern. "We cannot allow for such a clear threat to the Republic of Gorteau to affect our dominance as a Sage-level powerhouse. Should we leave the Kandrian Empire to its devices, it will become powerful enough to swallow East Panama. Now is the time to act, or else you will go down in history as the worst president in the history of Gorteau and the man who led it to its downfall."

Those words had the intended impact on her superior. She knew that he was a weak man who needed to be manipulated by his insecurities as a leader in order to get him to make the right choice.

"…General Havier," President Raymond directed a glance at a man garbed in military attire with a number of medals pinned to his uniform, "do you think the Republic of Gorteau can defeat the Kandrian Empire in an all-out war?"

The general's expression steeled with determination. "My soldiers and warriors will fight to the last brea—"

"You didn't answer my question." President Raymond narrowed his eyes.

"…Before the Kandrian Empire gained the Silas Clan and Sage Kole Kellin, I would have been more confident in saying yes, but," he shook his head, "with the Emperor of Harmony and the Martial Union firmly in control of the military and Martial power of the Kandrian Empire, they have far greater control over their net power that we do ours."

President Raymond grimaced at the brutally honest evaluation of his general, but he appreciated the honesty. It was true. The Republic of Gorteau had tremendous potential for war, but it was highly scattered and decentralized. It meant that President Raymond didn't have as much control over it. Certainly not nearly as much control as the Emperor of Harmony had over his nation. While President Raymond was the commander-in-chief of the army, the Gorteau Army did not contain most of the nation's military and Martial power.

A large part of the total power of the Republic of Gorteau was in its private sector. A majority of Martial Artists were a part of the private sector, employed by lucrative Martial contractors and Martial Insurance companies, as well as Martial development corporations.

In order to wage war, he would need to sign contracts with each and every single one of them and pay them a boatload to lend their Martial power to the war effort.

They were waiting for it. So much so that they had heavily donated to President Raymond's political campaign just so that he could declare war.

"…Everything had been going just fine until the Emperor of Harmony woke up." He gritted his teeth as his eyes grew bloodshot. "It's all because of him and his damn empire that threw a perfect presidency for a toss."

He closed his eyes, trying to gather his nerves and calm himself down.

When he opened them.

"With the power vested in me as the President of the Republic of Gorteau, I hereby declare war on the Kandrian Empire." President Raymond's expression grew more severe. "Have my chief of staff prepare the declaration immediately; I'll sign it and have my Vice President present it to Congress; we'll see how long those damn socialists have the balls to vote against it in these dire circumstances."

He knew that the Emperor of Harmony had managed to bribe the Democratic Socialist Party to impede the hawkish ambitions of his party; those pacifist bastards had been more than happy to accept his bribe due to the fact that they were inherently against war. However, if they dared to vote against his declaration of war, then they would suffer deeply due to how necessary it was.

"They have no choice but to vote for it," he growled. "Begin mobilizing our war potential immediately." n/ô/vel/b//in dot c//om

He paused for a moment.

"Also, arrange for a meeting with Prime Minister Edward."

-



Chapter 2203  Preemptive Commencement



The President of Gorteau passed a declaration of war against the Kandrian Empire to Congress.

This event alone sent ripples across East Panama.

It was the beginning of a new era of war.

Unless, of course, Congress voted against his declaration, but that was deeply unlikely.

Those in the know knew that the Kandrian Empire could not be allowed to get away with monopolizing such kinds of treasures with no consequences from its peers.

Yet, while the Republic of Gorteau underwent procedures to formally declare war, the Sekigahara Confederate was different.

They didn't care for international courtesy.

"Why declare war when we can just wage war, am I right?" The Patriarch of the Oni Clan grinned wildly. "We don't warn someone ahead of time when we jump them. Why do we declare war ahead of time?"

Around a round table in a highly secure fortress, the fourteen leaders of the Sekigahara Confederate had gathered. They had called for an emergency meeting shortly after the Nindo Clan had informed them of the shocking discoveries about the Kandrian Empire. An Apprentice who had broken through to the Apprentice Realm merely three months ago had already broken through to the Squire Realm.

This was a level of genius that put to shame every other genius in history. It was on par with the genius of the Dawnbringer in the later stages of his career.

However, the most shocking part was the fact that she wasn't the only one. A number of Martial Apprentices broke through to the Squire Realm months after they discovered their Martial Path.

"This is not natural."

One time was a lucky genius, every nation had one of those.

Two times? Perhaps they were especially blessed.

Three times, five times, ten times?

That was not possible.

"Furthermore, according to our reports," the Nindo Patriarch continued, "none of these Squires exhibited any special traits when they were students. Yet suddenly, these entirely ordinary children start to have accelerated growth rates, unlike anything the world has ever seen before."

They understood what he was saying.

It wasn't that the Kandrian Empire found a way to manufacture talent, just a way to accelerate progress in some inscrutable manner.

"I strongly recommend we continue to work on intelligence gathering to—"

He stiffened as the air at the table grew heavier.

The remaining leaders glared at him with piercing eyes.

"Patriarch Kokure."

The Patriarch of the Nindo Clan glanced at the woman who addressed him.

Her hair was balled up in a bun. She donned a simple kimono devoid of any ostentatious embroidery.

Barring the crest of the Shinken Clan.

One of the three clans of the Sekigahara Confederate that had more than one Martial Sage.

"We've given you months to do your little intelligence gathering," she began with a soft voice. "Yet, you have failed to deliver, have you not?"

"I do not deny that, but—!"

He froze as a wave of bloodlust washed over him.

"Enough."

Her voice grew sharp.

"We've had enough."

"The Matriarch of the Shinken has a point," another man chimed in, taking a deep puff from a smoking pipe before exhaling with a relaxed expression. "If you had succeeded in gaining any information from the Kandrian Empire, we would have been more inclined to rely on you. However…"

He shifted his lazy yet sharp gaze to the Patriarch of the Nindo Clan. "From what I can tell, you were outplayed by the Emperor of Harmony in the intelligence war, were you not?"

The expression of the Nindo Patriarch grew grim.

Yet, he suppressed the urge to clap back, glancing at the man who admonished him.

The patriarch of the Kaze Clan, another of the three strongest clans of the Sekigahara Confederate.

"I find myself to be in firm agreement with my peers, Nindo Patriarch," another man began with a formal tone. "Time is up. Furthermore, I need to remind you that even if I think war is not optimal, the ultimate decision of war lies in the hands of Their Sagehoods. We only possess the highest authority when it comes to non-Martial affairs. We do not decide the place of the Sekigahara Confederate in the course of the history of war. They do. And…"

A smile appeared on his face. "…They already have."

The Nindo Patriarch's eyes widened. "Wait, you mean…"

The remaining leaders of the leader council of the Sekigahara Confederate smiled at him knowingly.

The Matriarch of the Shinken Clan smiled.

"The Martial Sages have already rallied a force comprising of themselves, Masters, and Seniors and have already begun moving towards the Kandrian Empire even as we speak." The sheer weight of her words struck him like a rock.

His eyes widened with shock. "War…"

"War has already begun." She softly giggled. "Have you grown so desperately preoccupied with directing all your intelligence and investigative power towards the Kandrian Empire that you have fallen behind when it comes to your own nation?"

He gritted his teeth before slumping with resignation.

"Fine…" He closed his eyes. "War it is."

The Martial Clans of the Sekigahara Confederate were rather bizarrely organized in the division of power between the Martial and non-Martial sectors. While the matriarchs and patriarchs reserved full power over the legislative, executive, and judicial power of the nation, it was the Martial Artists who reserved the sole right to wage war as and when they pleased with absolutely no oversight or checks from the non-Martial powers of the nation.

In other words, the Sekigahara Confederate was a nation where the military/Martial powers were entirely autonomous. n/ô/vel/b//jn dot c//om

An arrangement that would normally be impossible was possible due to the warped martial culture of the Sekigahara Confederate. Martial Artists of the Sekigahara Confederate only cared about war.

Nothing else.

They didn't care about wealth, power, glory, or anything else that often served as Martial Drives for many. They only cared about fighting in war. Thus, this led to an arrangement where they happily gave up power and responsibility over other pesky political matters to educated humans in their clan while refusing to budge an inch on war.

The gravity of the current situation could not be understated.

"They were particularly excited this time, you see…" The Shinken Matriarch smiled. "I don't think the Kandrian Empire will appreciate the surprise they've prepared. Thus, I believe we should not formally declare war as a state."

She giggled softly.

"I wonder how the Kandrian Empire will react when they get ambushed by a significant portion of the Sekigahara Confederate."

-



Chapter 2204  Strategic Revelation

2204  Strategic Revelation

"…Is probably what the Sekigahara Confederate is thinking at the moment."

A wide smile appeared on the face of the Prime Minister of the Britannian Empire. n/ô/vel/b//jn dot c//om

He was pleased.

Things had been going according to plan.

As he had anticipated, the Republic of Gorteau and the Sekigahara Confederate eventually reached their limits and headed down the path of war. What he didn't expect was for it to happen so soon.

He had thought it would take a year.

"Rael…" His gaze sharpened ever so slightly. "To think you had accumulated so many treasures. No wonder you are so confident walking into war."

He didn't expect there to be more to his rival's arsenal of treasures than just the mass breakthroughs and the massive successes with the Beast Domain.

He certainly didn't expect the Kandrian Empire to demonstrate hyper-accelerated growth for its Martial Artists, or for them to be able to heal formerly crippled Martial Sages.

He closed his eyes as his mind processed all the information he had at his disposal. The recovery of Sage Kole was what drew his attention the most.

There were two possibilities that he was able to think of.

"The legendary Elixir of Heaven and Earth, or…" His eyes narrowed. "The fabled Divine Doctor."

"The former would make more sense if they got their hands on the Transcendent-grade esoteric substances needed to make it," he reasoned. "It would make sense that they managed to get their hands on the latter due to all their successes in the Beast Domain. But…"

The air grew heavier as he came to a deep realization.

"How did Emperor Rael recover from the Eternal Dream Disease more than three years ago?" he wondered to himself. "If the cause of his recovery is connected to the recovery of Sage Kole, then…"

His eyes wandered around as he fell into deep thought.

"Did their exploits in the Beast Domain allow them to stumble on the ingredients needed to concoct the Elixir of Heaven and Earth three years ago?" His eyes sharpened.

"No. Considering that extensive operations into the Beast Domain from the Kandrian Empire have only been going on for a few months, it can't serve as a sound explanation. Which means… He must have somehow gotten his hands on the Divine Doctor?"

He found it difficult to believe even if he was confident that these were the only two possible explanations to how both Emperor Rael and Sage Kole could have been cured from terminal conditions.

Of course, it was possible that the cause behind both their recoveries was entirely different.

However, he didn't think so.

It was just far too much of a coincidence for him to bring himself to believe it. "But how could Rael have found the Divine Doctor when he was ill, unless…" His eyes widened as he made another realization. "It was the Void Prince."

He had previously chosen to research the Final Prince of the Kandrian Empire rather than his father as he had substantial reason to suspect that the odd timing of the breakthrough to the Master Realm was connected to the recovery of the Emperor of Harmony.

"The Void Prince had once conducted research on the Immortal Sages to try and find and recruit them," he continued as the pieces of the puzzle began slowly fitting together. "What if he was looking for only one Immortal Sage out of them? What if the rest were merely red herrings to obscure his true intentions?"

If that were the case, that would imply that the Void Prince had never truly intended to become Emperor. Perhaps his father had given him the mission to find the Divine Doctor from the very beginning. If that were the case…

"It would be the biggest political scandal in the history of the Age of Martial Art."

A smile cracked at the edge of Prime Minister Edward's mouth as an immense amount of glee flashed in his eyes. Just the mere thought of exposing both the Emperor of Harmony and his son brought him deep satisfaction.

After all, if he could convince the world of this truth, then it would deeply harm the Kandrian Empire. Countless foreign powers in East Panama who were allied with the Kandrian Empire would instantly become hostile against Prince Rui and the Kandrian Empire due to the fraud and deceit that he had been complicit with.

It could potentially deprive them of support when they needed it the most.

It could potentially be the decisive factor in the war.

"But," his smile deepened, "not yet."

Perhaps a lesser ruler would have immediately rushed to inform the entire world of the revelations he had learned to hurt the Kandrian Empire as much and as early as possible since war had already begun.

But not Prime Minister Edward.

He knew that there would come a day in the war when this extraordinarily shocking revelation would hurt the Kandrian Empire deeply. After all, countless people had suffered due to the recovery of the Emperor of Harmony. The man would suddenly gain so many more enemies.

"I'll need to tread carefully." Prime Minister Edward narrowed his eyes. "Perhaps I should write it down and then have a mind-oriented Martial Artist wipe my memories of this revelation entirely. Hmm, but I would deduce the exact same thing all over again, knowing my propensity to decipher the truth. Thus, I should wipe my memories of the results of the investigation of the Dawnbringer. That way, even I won't be able to come to this conclusion once again after my memories of this revelation are wiped."

The reason he wanted to go to such degrees was because he feared the power of the Matriarch of the Silas Clan.

"Would she not have a much harder time detecting this future if I don't remember this information myself?"

Based on what he understood about prophecy, she most likely would have a harder time if he enacted this measure.

"All I need to do is present all the evidence in a highly convincing manner, then set up a system to ensure that it gets published when the time is right without any intervention on my part, and then wipe out my memories to ensure that the Silas Matriarch doesn't see it coming." The certainty in his voice grew. "It will take an extreme amount of insight with a high amount of accuracy and precision to pull off, but…"

He could do it.

If anybody could secretly plan ahead of time to have a trump card activated at exactly the right moment by accurately predicting precisely how the war would unfold ahead of time, it was him.

Prime Minister Edward Del Germont.

The sole man who could rival the Emperor of Harmony.

"I won't lose this time, Rael." His smile widened as excitement flashed in his eyes.





Chapter 2205  Finally

2205  Finally

In the past few months, Rui had been spending time alone, meditating as he thought about a variety of topics and matters.

Among them included things like who he was.

Just as Master Gern had recommended, he began thinking about who he was more than he had in the past three years prior.

It helped. He mulled over the insights that he had gained during his visit to the Panamic Martial Federation.

He had always known that he could be quite irrational; however, he learned what levels of irrationality he could reach. He had come to gain deeper insights into himself over time.

Of course, even with his current level of power, he wasn't anywhere remotely close to reaching the Sage Realm.

Still, he did feel like he was making progress.

One issue was that reaching the Martial Soul was a path filled with far more uncertainty than even the path to the Martial Mind. At least with the latter, he could measure progress in an objective manner. With the former, he was left with vague intuitions in regard to whether he had made any actual progress at all.

It could be deeply frustrating, yet he knew that that was par for the course.

In addition to introspection, he also dedicated himself to heavy training and sparring at all levels. By sealing his Martial Mind and Martial Heart, he could spar against a much larger variety of opponents and train his intuition and instinct.

He had firmly chosen not to return to the manifold, for he didn't really have any projects to work on that were worth embarking on at this juncture in time. The reason he had been anxious to finish the Yin-Yang Spear was because his offense had been too deficient to leave alone.

However, the merits of cooping himself up in the manifold to force a project out of him were little if he did it for the sake of doing it, as opposed to doing it in Adaptive Evolution to something else that he was unable to adaptively evolve to at all. n/o/vel/b//in dot c//om

After all, Adaptive Evolution was a reactive phenomenon.

One thing he had cautiously tried exploring was what happened when he merged Yin-Yang Spear with Muspelheim.

Of course, he didn't do something as dangerous as actually activating the combination.

That would be deeply foolish.

He had almost died the last time he had done so, inadvertently.

However, he couldn't help but grow deeply fascinated by how the combination of two grade-ten techniques resulted in a potent inferno that appeared to be temporarily self-sustaining. So much so that it had become the basis of his latest moniker, the Dawnbringer.

It appeared that his father wasn't able to give him a title that had the word 'void' in it in time.

Regardless, because of how absurdly lethal and dangerous the combination clearly was, he was limited to speculating as to why it was the way it was. He had several hypotheses based on his understanding of Physics.

Unfortunately, he couldn't really test any of them due to being unable to activate the fusion of techniques that he had taken to calling Sun.

He was left to speculate about how powerful he would be if he could harness this power safely. That, too, wasn't something he could work on.

"Tsk, will the war come already?" he grumbled to himself. "These past few months have been too little time for me to get anything done outside the manifold and yet I have nothing worth getting done inside the manifold."

The diminishing returns from pursuing more sparring combat were not worth wasting his lifespan in the manifold for. He only had limited youth. Even if it was extended due to his early breakthrough and his longevity potion, he did not want to waste years on fruitless pursuits. If he was going to burn through his youth fourteen times faster, then it needed to be for an extremely good reason with great yields.

That was why he limited himself to spending the past few months outside the manifold as he didn't have any meaningful avenues to explore within it.

While introspection and sparring took most of his time, he also spent a bit of his time helping out the Kandrian Empire by breaking Martial Artists through not just to the Apprentice Realm, of course, but also to the Senior and Master Realms.

In the past few months, Rui had broken through hundreds of high-grade Martial Squires to the Senior Realm and nearly a dozen Seniors to the Master Realm.

Both of these were incredible boons to the Kandrian Empire that had not gone unnoticed by external powers, Rui was certain. He could only hope that it would accelerate the advent of the third Great East Panamic War.

And perhaps his wishes came true, for—

BZZT!

He glanced at his comms artifact with a bored expression before his eyes lit up with joy.

[President Raymond of the Republic of Gorteau declares war on the Kandrian Empire.]

"Finally!" Rui exclaimed with a moment of happiness. "About damn time."

In place of the usual forlorn severity that one would expect to find, Rui only experienced ecstasy and excitement.

The message he had gotten was from the war council formed by his father, the leaders of the Royal Army, the Royal Navy, and the Martial Union. After all, these were the most important leaders that would represent the net military power of the Kandrian Empire. He had been invited to a meeting with all these big shots.

He wasn't surprised, of course. His father had already informed him that he planned to involve him in the strategic and tactical decision-making of the war in his capacity as a Martial Artist.

On top of that, there was no way that he could possibly not be there. Just the fact that he had power over the Divine Doctor and the Manifold and was the reason behind the mass breakthroughs meant that he had a voice in this affair.





Chapter 2206  Kandrian War Council

2206  Kandrian War Council

Within a giant war council constructed by the Emperor of Harmony and the Martial Union specifically for the impending war, a number of people sat around a large table equipped with the finest three-dimensional projection esoteric technology, allowing ease of access and display of information without any delay or inefficiency. n/o/vel/b//in dot c//om

Around the table, a large number of people were sitting, divided into different sections and rows.

Grand General Aramoeous and his right-hand subordinates sat in their own section beside that of Grand Admiral Geron and his subordinates. Together, they represented the military of the Kandrian Empire, wielding an immense amount of power between them.

Yet, despite that, the power they projected paled in comparison to the five Martial Sages that sat in a section reserved for the Martial Union. Each of the major Martial Sects had one of their Sages at the table, while prominent Martial Masters and other officers in the Martial Union sat behind them in the second row.

Meanwhile, other relevant officers of the government such as the Director of the Kandrian Intelligence Bureau and the Director of the Kandrian Border Patrol Force also were designated their own seats at the table.

At one end of the table sat the Emperor of Harmony on his throne by his lonesome, overseeing the entire impending meeting by himself. Behind him was Sage Farana, serving merely as a bodyguard and not as a constituent of this war council meeting.

All but one person had arrived.

"Ah, sorry I'm late." Rui popped into the war council hall after undergoing the strict security protocols. "It is an emergency meeting, after all," Emperor Rael lightly replied. "Come, take your seat, let us not delay this important meeting."

Rui was granted a special position by himself separate from both the Martial Union and his father, signifying his independence as an entity in the Kandrian Empire.

"Without further ado," Emperor Rael began with a solemn tone, "I commence the war council meeting of the Kandrian Empire."

His eyes sharpened.

"I do not wish to waste time. Each of you is aware of the reason that we have gathered here. Let's begin by reviewing all the intelligence we have on the matter of the declaration of war made by the president of the Republic of Gorteau. A preliminary intelligence report has already been put together in haste." He turned to the Director of Intelligence. "Director Shelmin, give us a brief overview of the report and your findings."

"Of course, Your Majesty." The man nodded at Emperor Rael before sweeping his gaze across the entire table. "Our spy network in the Republic of Gorteau and within its bureau of intelligence in conjugation with the intelligence department of the Martial Union…"

He regarded the officers of the Martial Union with a nod, "…indicate that they have managed to become aware of the recovery of Sage Kole Kellin by tapping the Kandrian Institute of Medicine as well as the Kandrian Institute of Biotechnology. According to our intelligence, the discovery was immediately reported to the presidential office, followed shortly by the declaration of war by President Raymond."

He paused for a moment as he let the information sit. "In other words, the discovery of the recovery of Sage Kole Kellin can be said to be the trigger for the declaration of war. It appears to be clear that the revelation of the Kandrian Empire healing crippled Martial Sages after inviting them to join us has proven to be too much for the presidential office of the Republic of Gorteau to tolerate."

His gaze returned to the preliminary report that he had overlooked the creation of. "As we speak, the Congress of Gorteau has already begun deliberating the declaration of the president in confidential congressional caucuses and will soon put to vote to pass or reject his declaration of war. And according to our intelligence and analysis, there is an eighty-seven percent chance that they will pass the bill."

His gaze returned to the rest of the war council. "Thus, there is a high possibility that the nation-state will officially declare war against the Kandrian Empire."

The air grew heavy under the weight of his declaration. There was never much of a doubt in the first place. However, it felt far more real now that someone had finally put in no uncertain words.

"Operation House Divide, which was an operation brainstormed by His Majesty to bribe half the congressmen and congresswomen to vote against any initiative of the National Libertarian Party of which President Raymond is a part, will most likely not be able to succeed in preventing the Republic of Gorteau from declaring war," Director Shelmin elaborated. "Our intelligence shows that most of the constituents of their Congress are firmly in support of declaring war against the Kandrian Empire, despite our bribes offered to them."

Emperor Rael nodded lightly. "It is within my expectations, after all. A few million gold coins or even longevity potions cannot compensate them for what they will lose if they allow the Kandrian Empire to go unchallenged. They will not compromise the dominance of the Republic of Gorteau, even if for purely self-centered reasons. However…"

A smile emerged on his face. "…Will they be able to resist when it comes to deciding the budget for the war?"

The others stirred as they caught on to what Emperor Rael was saying.

"Your Majesty, you mean…" Director Shelmin's eyes lit up with realization.



"That's right." Emperor Rael smiled with certainty. "I don't intend to waste longevity potions trying to convince them not to go to war with the Kandrian Empire; I'd be asking for too much, even from those corrupt politicians. The Democratic Socialist Party would incur too much backlash from within and beyond the nation if they dared to reject the motion for war. They have no choice but to pass the motion for war for the sake of their political future. Thus, rather than vainly bribing them with longevity potions to reject the motion, I intend to bribe them to lower the budget for war. That way, we can reduce the strength of the Republic of Gorteau in the war."



Chapter 2207  Shocking Escalation



Rui smiled wryly as he heard his father's plan to hamper the Republic of Gorteau in war. It was extremely resourceful.

Rui's powerful mind swiftly evaluated the plan and its projected outcome.

"Because of the scarcity of resources, I assume that most human members of the Gorteau Congress do not have access to longevity potions," Rui keenly analyzed. "They have immense power but not enough time to enjoy it considering the gerontocracy that the institution essentially is, based on the intelligence of this report. In other words…"

He glanced up at his father. "They have good lives and all the more reason to fear death and an even stronger desire to prolong their lives, isn't that right, Your Majesty?"

While he addressed his father more informally in private, he was restricted to formal honorifics in meetings such as this.

Emperor Rael smiled with a hint of pride at his son. "That's correct. That's why longevity potions are priceless to these individuals. If not for the fact that there would be an immense and immediate backlash to rejecting the motion for war under these dire circumstances, I would be able to avert war entirely by manipulating those geezers."

He, of course, conveniently forgot that he too was a geezer.

"In other words," Emperor Rael continued, "I can reduce the budget for war significantly. This means that they will be able to sign fewer contracts with their Martial Contractors and Martial Corporations, thereby limiting their ability to harness their private sector."

Many at the table nodded as they saw the full merit of the plan. "This plan is only viable due to the success of our recent Beast Domain operations, thanks to the Elder Tree," the director of the Department of Martial Strategy in the Martial Union remarked knowingly. "Prior to this treasure, longevity potions were so rare that they were mostly limited to Martial Sages and Masters, and some important humans such as the Emperor."

Emperor Rael nodded. "That is why Operation House Divide is effective. Longevity potions are extremely precious in the Republic of Gorteau, even at its highest echelons. While we will be deprived of many longevity potions, that is a long-term liability that eliminates much of our short-term pressure. Let me remind you that our greatest priority in this war is not to win in an overwhelming victory but to successfully withstand the forces that seek to destroy us. As long as we do that…"

His eyes narrowed. "We will surpass all forces in the world."

Everyone nodded with steely determination.

With the treasures that the Kandrian Empire possessed in its current state, it would undoubtedly overcome the Great Limit as long as it made use of them. In other words, it only needed to survive and endure to eventually become the strongest.

All of Rael's grand plan was centered around this objective. "With the Republic of Gorteau operating on a crippled war budget it might only be able to output half of its full power over the course of the war, perhaps even lesser," Emperor Rael continued. "That's much more manageable than dealing with the full power of the nation."

He drew much appreciation from his subjects as he calmly explained the details of Operation House Divide.

Many had wondered how in the world one powerhouse could fight three powerhouses at once and come out victorious.

Many had thought even attempting such a suicidal war was a deeply unwise decision.

However, Emperor Rael showed them the answer.

From brilliant strategies such as the harnessing of crippled Martial Sages through a clever combination of the Divine Doctor and the manifold to the objectively most optimal applications of longevity potions to increase the probability of surviving by using them to cripple the war potential of the Republic of Gorteau, the Emperor of Harmony proved that it was possible.

"Not only is it possible…" His powerful gaze swept across the entire war council. "It will be the only reality to unfold."

His words inspired a lot of confidence in the officers listening to them. n/ô/vel/b//in dot c//om

BZZT BZZT!

A comm artifact in the pocket of Director Shelmin buzzed.

"Ah, pardon," he murmured, reading the message. "I left this artifact active for emergencies onl—!"

He stiffened as his eyes widened with shock. "…Your Majesty, I have just received an emergency report that the Sekigahara Confederate has deployed a Martial force comprising of a substantial number of Martial Sages, Masters, and Seniors. They are moving towards the Kandrian Empire as we speak!"

Many people in the war council grew stunned at the revelation that Director Shelmin presented. It came out of nowhere.

The Sekigahara Confederate had simply decided enough was enough and was literally running to the Kandrian Empire to pick a fight.

The air grew heavy with peril as a grave severity overcame the atmosphere. "…What?!" Grand General Aramoeous bellowed, standing up with a furious expression. "How dare those savages mount an attack on the Kandrian Empire?!"

"Hehehe!" the Hugging Hegemon grinned with excitement. "I volunteer to welcome them since they're coming so far just to meet us."

"They have chosen wrong," Sage Glacken snorted coldly.

"Looks like it is already time to intervene," Martriach Nephi grumbled.

"Our intelligence suggests that there are a total of ten Martial Sages and nearly a hundred and ten Martial Masters!" The director's expression grew aghast as he read through the emergency report that his spies in the Sekigahara Confederate had desperately put together in time. "They sent a majority of their forces to the Kandrian Empire?! Have those maniacs lost it?!"

Wars usually escalated from the lowest units of conflict and skirmishes before eventually reaching full-blown war.

This was the well-known pattern of war that most wars followed.

Yet the martial fools over at the Sekigahara Confederate had decided to merrily escalate the war to the highest unit of force from the very get-go!

"Your Majesty, requesting reinforcements for border security!" The Director of the Kandrian Border Patrol Force stood up with a severe expression.

"Hmmm…" Emperor Rael calmly evaluated the circumstances from the reports that Director Shelmin had passed to him. "…They chose this day because the Nindo Clan must have come to learn that six of the Martial Sages of the Sage Council would be preoccupied or not in the nation. Very bold."

A smile appeared on his face. "It is within my predictions."

He turned to Hugging Hegemon, who sat amidst her peers, bored of the meeting.

"I trust Damian has done a good job whipping his new colleagues back into shape. I'm going to need them to prove themselves very soon."

-



Chapter 2208  Emergency Preparations



"Hehehe." The Hugging Hegemon grinned at his question. "He has ground the rust off of them extremely well. They almost died many times along the way, of course. However, thanks to the Divine Doctor, none of them remained that way."

"Good." Rael calmly nodded. "I look forward to their performance against the incoming strike force. I will deploy the seven of them in addition to three more Martial Sages."

The Hugging Hegemon's eyes lit up as she raised her arms. "Me. ME. Send me. I will teach those Sekigaharan bastards not to mess with the Kandrian Empire."

"Very well." Emperor Rael nodded. "I hereby call for emergency protocol A65-KND. We will commence the signing of the war contract as soon as this council meeting is concluded. In addition to you, I shall naturally deploy Sage Farana and Sage Dashian of the Martial Artillery division of the Royal Army to serve as a stabilizer to ensure that none of the battles go south."

Sage Farana did not acknowledge the words of the emperor during her role as his bodyguard in this meeting, while the Grand General nodded with a fiery expression.

Emperor Rael's gaze returned to the intelligence report before him. "Considering they sent only nine Martial Sages, it can be inferred that they are not aware of the spike in Martial Sages we have recently gained."

His eyes sharpened. "This can be used against them. I will deploy some more of the Martial Sages of the Martial Union to circle around and box them in, leading to a numeric and position advantage against the enemy. With a total of fourteen Martial Sages surrounding them, they will be at a heavy disadvantage, and we will be able to wipe out as many Martial Sages as possible. In addition…"

His gaze returned to Grand General Aramoeous.

"I grant you the full authority to deploy, at your discretion, the heavy artillery esoteric siege technology at the disposal of the Royal Army at the border in conjugation with the Kandrian Border Patrol Force to resist the incoming enemies with Apocalypse-Class siege weapons." Emperor Rael's expression grew more serious. "The more hurt and damaged the incoming force is, the greater the probability of a clean sweep of a victory."

His proposals earned a lot of approval from the members of the Kandrian War Council.

Grand General Aramoeous saluted Emperor Rael stiffly as his eyes blazed with determination. "I shall see to it that it is executed to perfection."

BZZZT!

Director Shelmin narrowed his eyes gravely. "Less than twenty-four hours, Your Majesty. Those savages have deployed massive deep-strike, multi-terrain armored war carriages to carry their potent Martial forces to the Kandrian Empire. They will arrive at Kandria within a day!"

Many members of the war council stiffened as their expressions grew grave.

The air grew heavier. n/ô/vel/b//jn dot c//om

It tingled.

It tingled with peril.

It couldn't be helped. The Kandrian Empire had been at a state of peace for a long time.

Most of the people in the room had been born during this age of peace. The concept of being the target of a potent military assault strike was alien to most of them intuitively.

Even during the height of the Kandrian Throne War many years ago, civil war had never actually broken out, even if it had come close many times.

Of course, none of them were afraid as much as they were unaccustomed to the very notion of the Kandrian Empire being attacked. One did not simply pick a fight with Kandria; this was a truth that many of them had long grown used to.

Yet, it appeared that the Sekigahara Confederate had no respect for this truth whatsoever.

However, deep down, that wasn't very surprising to anybody present, for the Sekigahara Confederate had always been the most martial and maniacal out of all the four powerhouses of East Panama.

"Even then…" Grand General Aramoeous gritted his teeth. "…How dare they so brazenly attack the Kandrian Empire? Do they have no respect for the powerhouse that Kandria is?!"

"It's because they respect Kandria's martial prowess that they have gone as far as to deploy a strike force of nine Martial Sage and more than a hundred Martial Masters." Rui narrowed his eyes as he calmly analyzed the circumstances. "It's rather interesting that the number of Masters they sent is more than a hundred times the Martial Sages they sent."

Director Shelmin's eyes widened, catching on to the subtext of Rui's observations. "You mean…?"

Emperor Rael smiled. "Very astute of you, my son."

"It's obvious when you look at the demographics that compose the strike force of the Sekigahara Confederate," Rui calmly continued as he extrapolated the goals of their enemy based on what the most likely outcome of this assault was from the perspective of his enemy with the information that they had at the time. "Assuming that there was some degree of thought put into this attack and the fact that they don't know about our extra seven Martial Sages, then they have deployed just enough Martial Sages to stall out our known Martial Sages. Nine is not enough to overcome ten Martial Sages, but it is enough to keep them in place."

"…That means that the true strike force are the Martial Masters?!" Realization dawned on Grand General Aramoeous. "This…"

"It is much harder for the Martial Masters of the Kandrian Empire to keep a hundred and ten Martial Masters in check," Rui's eyes grew more severe, "than it is for the Martial Sages of the Kandrian Empire to keep the enemy Martial Sages in check. If a portion of the enemy Martial Force manages to get into the nation…"

His voice trailed off.

He didn't need to even finish that statement.

Even if the Masters of the Sekigahara Confederate respected the norms of the Panamic Martial Federation when it came to genocide, there were no rules against crippling a nation's systems.

Things like energy and communication, food, manufacturing, and Martial infrastructure could be annihilated with no legal liability from the Panamic Martial Federation by design.

The stakes were higher than they had ever been.

-



Chapter 2209  Deciding Factor



"You're correct." Emperor Rael nodded. "In this battle, no, in this war, the Martial Masters of the Kandrian Empire will be the most taxed and will have the most important role."

The others in the war council stirred at his words.

"Finding and convincing seven crippled Martial Sages is far easier than finding and rallying hundreds of crippled Martial Masters," Emperor Rael continued calmly. "Our ventures in finding and convincing international Martial Masters has not experienced the same kind of success that our ventures with Sages has. In other words…"

Rui's eyes narrowed. "Martial Masters will experience the greatest hardships and will be the most decisive part of this war. If we are able to withstand the greater pressure that we will experience, we will win. If not, we may very well lose this war."

"I'll have to apologize for being unable to avoid mounting this pressure on you, my son." The Emperor heaved a resigned sigh. "But yes, for better or for worse, war at the Master-level battles will be the most deciding factor for the future of the Kandrian Empire."

Many of the members of the Kandrian War Council frowned as they digested the insights that the Emperor of Harmony and the Void Prince gave them.

It was highly counter-intuitive.

In any war between Sage-level powerhouses, the most important and deciding element was usually the Sage-level battles.

After all, Martial Sages were the strongest by far for all practical purposes.

Yet, in a strange turn of events, due to the strategic impacts of imbalanced demographics, Masters ended up bearing a much greater responsibility in this war than any other war in history.

"I am inclined to agree with your analyses, Your Majesty, Your Highness." Director Shelmin nodded. "I will endeavor to have the analytical department produce a more precise, accurate, and data-driven analysis on the burden that Martial Masters will be facing in this war and provi—"

"It's two-point-eight to one against us," Rui instantly crunched the numbers. "When weighted for the impact of Operation House Divide on the effective war potential of the Republic of Gorteau, then you have a less extreme number. However, it still means that each Kandrian Martial Master will have to have to fight more than one Martial Master. Estimated probability of victory when taking into account weighted maximum deployment rate is still only eighteen percent."

Everybody stared at him, dumbstruck.

"Your calculations are based on incomplete data." Rael shook his head. "You are still not aware of the full extent of my grand plan and the many more measures that I have instated to increase our probability of victory. That is not your fault, of course. I have maintained a strict need-to-know basis for information dissemination. However, even considering that, the Martial Masters of the Kandrian Empire will have the most important and difficult role in this battle."

The other Martial Masters sitting behind the Martial Sages of the Martial Union stiffened as their expressions grew grave.

It was to be expected.

They had just been informed that they would be experiencing the greatest difficulty and that their performance would end up deciding whether or not the Kandrian Empire suffered victory in not just this battle but also this war.

All because the Martial Sages had disproportionately greater numbers, making both the consequences of individual defeats and the probability of defeat much lower.

All because of that, Martial Masters suddenly experienced the burden of being the most deciding factor in the war.

It was deeply unpleasant.

Yet, Rui couldn't contain his jubilation.

"This is everything that I desired and more." The darkness in his eyes rumbled with vigor while an excited grin widened on his face.

He was tired of light sparring.

He was tired of duels that couldn't stir his heart.

Stale battles devoid of even the slightest whiff of true peril.

The experience it gave him was meager in comparison to the experience he gained from a battle where his life was on the line. In comparison, his years in the Beast Domain made him feel more alive than being cooped up in the manifold despite its miraculous benefits. It made his Martial Art feel more real and validated his Martial Path. It elevated him closer to his greatest ambition than all the peace and harmony in the world did.

He only grew more excited at the additional war burdens and the additional pressure that he sought to adaptively evolve to in order to teach him more about himself than meditating in peace ever could.

"Ah…" A hint of realization dawned on him. "I see…"

He fell into a reverie as he gained deeper insights into who he was.

Grand General Aramoeous stood up with force. "Your Majesty! We can discuss the broader dynamics of the war at a later time. For now, we must immediately prepare for the incoming assault, lest our inadequate preparations fail us."

Emperor Rael nodded. "You're right. I hereby declare a national emergency. Ensure that the protocols are immediately executed. I have already authorized you and the Kandrian Border Patrol Force to have full discretion over the allocation of military resources in adherence to prior established goals. I appoint Sage Farana as the leader of the Sage interception squad consisting of the Sages of not just the Army but also the Sages of the Sage Council, who are obligated to partake in the operation under the provisions of the Martial Covenant. Be sure to coordinate the timings of your operations in accordance with protocol."

"Understood, Your Majesty." Grand General Aramoeous's eyes flared with determination. n/o/vel/b//in dot c//om

"Protect this nation." Emperor Rael's rich voice grew more severe. "Protect the Harmony we have cultivated together."

His powerful gaze swept across the table.

"Protect not just the present but also the future our enemies fight to deny us. Do this, and I swear to all of you, in the name of Rael Di Kandria, that the Kandrian Empire will reach unprecedented realms of glory, harmony, and power."

"I hereby declare this council meeting to be concluded." His tone grew profound as his eyes closed. "Glory to Kandria."

"GLORY TO KANDRIA!" -



