Chapter 1881 Adenturer’s Guild

1881 Adenturer's Guild

"Excuse me," Rui called out to a staff member working at the counter.

"Ah, how may I help you?" She smiled perfunctorily.

"We'd like to register as adventurers." Rui calmly informed her.

"Of course," She smiled, pulling out two forms and placing them in front of him.

They asked for basic details, and none of them demanded proof of identity, as Rui had expected.

"You will need to answer some questions and verify some basic details. What is your experience with the Beast Domain?"

"None at all."

"What is your experience with sustained long-term hunter-

class missions?"

"None at all."

"What is your expected period of operation within the Beast Domain?"

"…Years, I suppose."

Suddenly, the place grew silent as the people around turned towards Rui with incredulity on their faces.

"…"

The air grew tumultuous.

"Kid."

A burly man got up from his seat, putting his drink away as he walked towards Rui. Thê sourc𝗲 of this conte/nt n/o/v/(𝒆l)bi((n))

"What the fuck did you just say?" He bent down, peering into Rui's eyes with a condescending expression.

"It has nothing to do with you," Rui replied nonchalantly as he continued filling up the form.

"Years?" He stared at Rui with incredulity. "The fuck do you think this is? Vacation?"

Kane glared at him. "What is your problem, man?"

"Tsk tsk," The man tutted patronizingly. "Newbies. They think they can reach quick fame by trying to accomplish impossible nonsensical goals like spending years in the Beast Domain. Making a mockery of us veterans of the Beast Domain."

He snorted, glaring at Rui. "Take this advice, don't be arrogant. I can barely sense any aura from you, but given how young you look, your Squires at be-!"

The man froze as Kane removed the seal in his aura, unleashing a muted Senior-level aura that seemed to choke the man alive. The entire room froze, watching as they realized the scrawny kid in his early twenties was actually a Martial Senior.

"Done."

Rui's voice cut through the tension in the air as he handed his application in. "Please hasten the process as much as possible."

"Ah! Of course! Just a minute, sir!" The staff member hurried with an anxious expression.

CLACK

A door to the side opened as another person stepped out. Rui and Kane instantly identified her as a Martial Senior.

She was low-grade. Rui could dispatch her without any

"Do we have a problem here?" She growled at Kane.

She didn't bother even acknowledging the Martial Squire that had provoked the fight. He was irrelevant.

"Not at all," Rui calmly replied. "The man approached us and made a false assumption about our Realm. My friend here simply corrected his misconception about our Realms."

"Y-Yes, that's right!" The Martial Squire bowed down to the three Martial Seniors. "I am sorry for disturbing you, sirs, madam."

"Hm," She snorted. "Make sure you don't cause any problems."

"We shall be sure to adhere to that," Rui remarked.

She stared at the two of them for a moment before returning on standby.

The entire guild stared at the two of them with peculiar wary gazes while Rui and Kane quickly collected registered identity cards.

"We recognize the two of you as gold adventurers. This pamphlet contains all the information that you could possibly need to know regarding being gold adventurers."

Rui stared at the simple card issued to the both of them.

The adventurer system, for some reason, did not use the conventional Martial Art ranking system that was spread by the Panamic Martial Federation. It instead used metals as rankings for Martial Artists.

What Rui found especially strange was the fact that although the rankings covered Martial Apprentices to even Martial Sages, the rankings did not match the number of Realms.

The metal rankings of the Adventurer's Guild were as followed; copper, iron, bronze, silver, gold, platinum, mythril, and adamantine.

The five Realms were somehow squeezed between these eight ranks. Rui wasn't sure why or how this ranking came to be, especially when danger zones were still marked relative to Martial Art Realms.

Regardless, it was very weird. Even Rui did not actually intend to make use of the ranking in any way aside from accessing the Adventurer's Guild's resources better if there ever was a need.

The two of them quickly left the guild office once they got what they needed.

"…Probably messed up back there in hindsight," Kane remarked.

Rui smiled wryly. "As long as you're aware of it. That man was annoying, but keeping our identities secret is more important. I thought you were an assassin."

"I hide, I don't disguise, I'm not good at that, ok?" Kane huffed. "I've never had to play a part ever since I mastered the Void Step technique."

Rui shook his head with amusement. But it made sense, considering how powerful his stealth was. There was no point in trying to disguise his way in which he could just walk in without anybody ever noticing.

Master Reina would naturally disapprove, of course, if she were here to see this.

"Alright, so we registered with the Adventurer's Guild. So now what? We just jump right in?" Kane asked eagerly.

"We're on the wrong side of the Beast Domain, for one," Rui replied. "The Valley of Prisms is on the other side. So, we'll need to circle around the Beast Domain until we reach the western side."

Rui quickly plotted the shortest path to their destination on foot as he pulled up a detailed, high-quality map of the Kandrian Empire in his mind. "We can probably take the Pave of Graves to minimize distance."

The Pave of Graves was a travel route that the British Empire had created that passed through the Beast Domain to connect with the Great Southern Trade Road, which connected the east and west half of the continent with each other. Essentially, it was an inward shortcut through the outskirts of the Beast Domain rather than around it, saving time, and had gained its name for passing through a former danger zone in the Beast Domain.

-



Chapter 1882  Carrots



"Traveling through the Beast Domain?" Kane raised an eyebrow. "Did the Britannian Empire really make a road through the Beast Domain? That's crazy!"

"Yes, but it does a good job of summing up the Britannian Empire, at last, before the Emperor broke through to the Transcendent Realm," Rui huffed. "Thankfully, the road only goes through Squire-level regions and a handful of Apprentice-level regions. Thus, it's manageable for us."

Most of the regions of the Beast Domain were of the Lower Realms. Thus, Kane and Rui could survive and even thrive in a good number of the weaker danger zones.

Things began getting dicey when they entered Senior-level danger zones, where simply not dying very quickly required being part of the Senior Realm. These zones often contained master-level threats, be they fauna, flora, or the environment. "We can follow the Pave of Graves to cut short our distance to the Valley of Prisms on the other side of the Beast Domain," Rui remarked. "It will also give us a good feel of what it's like to be in the Beast Domain."

"How far is the Pave of Graves from here?" Kane asked. "Quite close by, some distance away from the Britannian Empire," Rui replied. The Britannian Empire was very close to the Beast Domain, which had sprung them into doing something as insane as creating a path through the Beast Domain. The sheer amount of protection that every single convoy in the Beast Domain would require was something that would inflate the prices of any and all goods and services passing through the road beyond any reasonable degree.

It was a terrible investment.

Then again, the Britannian Empire was a Martialocratic Martial Supremacist nation. Thus, it was hardly any surprise when it did irrational things such as this.

"Let's get going," Rui replied. "It's going to take us a while to reach the Valley of Prisms."

The two of them immediately set out for the Pave of Graves quickly, traveling along the border of the Beast Domain.

Although Rui would have loved to just shoot through the Beast Domain and take the shortest possible path, it was dangerous to do so since it would take through the inner section of the Beast Domain, which was where the information of the Adventurer's Guild began failing.

If they ran into a Master-level region, then they were screwed. Rui would rather minimize the risks if they were not necessary. "So, let me get this straight," Kane began. "We circle around the Beast Domain, heading into the Valley of Prisms to look for clues about where the Divine Doctor was headed after. Then we follow his trail by using the clues we find there with the information from the Beggar Sage, the Adventurer's Guild, and your grandmother's prophecies?"

"Pretty much," Rui replied. "Those are four mutually exclusive sources of information, meaning there is no redundancy in the information that I will get from those sources. That's why having all four will be extremely powerful in finding the man."

The Beggar's Sage gave him intelligence on the Divine Doctor himself, while the Adventurer's Guild gave him information on the Beast Domain. His grandmother gave him information about the future while personally investigating the places where the Divine Doctor passed through gave him information about the past.

"And how do you intend to convince this man to heal your father?"

Rui sharpened his eyes. "By giving him anything he wants. He has powerful connections, undoubtedly, but there are things that only a Sage-level powerhouse can possibly have and procure."

He paused for a moment before continuing. "…The Beggar Sage had said that he was working on treating a patient and had entered the Beast Domain for a diagnosis."

"…Huh?" Kane tilted his head, confused. "What is that even supposed to mean?"

Rui heaved a sigh, shrugging. "However, in a prophecy that my grandmother showed me, broken as it was, he told me that his current patient was more important than all rulers of humanity combined."

Rui had faint suspicions and ideas about this patient, but they were so far-fetched that it felt stupid to even utter them aloud. "Regardless, if the difficulty is this high, then there are undoubtedly many things that we can help him with, be it procuring things that he needs for his treatment of this person. I don't believe that he would not benefit from our aid."

The Kandrian Empire had an enormous ocean of resources, both literal and figurative, and was among the most powerful Martial Artists anywhere on the continent. "We also have prophecies," Rui murmured. "I know he's a genius, but surely even he would be tempted by such power. On top of that, his words seemed to indicate that the Eternal Dream Disease that my father is suffering from was a trivial task for him. So healing my father should not be a tall demand of him." Thê sourc𝗲 of this conte/nt n/o/v/(𝒆l)bi((n))

These were the rationales that gave Rui confidence in compelling the man over to his side. Of course, Rui's confidence was based on the assumption that the man had some rationality. Unfortunately, Rui was not too confident in this premise. A rational man did not enter the Beast Domain alone.

He certainly was not the type to spread chaos everywhere he went. Everything that Rui had seen suggested that this person was extremely irrational. A true genius of mind, undoubtedly. But entirely unparalleled in his mental prowess. "I'll deal with any issues that come up on the fly," Rui remarked, heaving a sigh. He also had one more card to play: He had been deemed a candidate for immortality, to join the ranks of immortal human sages created by the Divine Doctor, the Beggar Sage, and the Psycher by extracting a being's soul and placing it in a new vessel, allowing them to escape death indefinitely through this process.

He might be able to earn the Divine Doctor's regard more than if he were just another Senior or just a prince.

In other words, the biggest issue was definitely finding him.

-



Chapter 1883  Arrived



The two traveled by foot for the most part, maintaining a medium pace over longer periods of time. While they could move far, far faster, it would not last long, and it would deplete their stamina very quickly. These speeds were limited to short bursts in combat. It was why Sage Sayfeel took nearly an hour to travel halfway across the continent with Rui, even if he could've moved quicker in combat by himself.

The world around them changed the closer they got to the Beast Domain. Human civilization grew dimmer and dimmer the closer one got. Towns became villages, which became settlements. Once they arrived within a hundred kilometers of the Beast Domain, only individual buildings fashioned from wood and stones could be spotted.

It signified the edge of human civilization. It signified that they were crossing the boundaries between man and beast.

"It's just devoid of…people," Kane muttered as they walked through barren plains.

There were plenty of deserted regions, even in the Human Domain. The issue was that even in these deserted plains, the taint of humanity could be felt. Abandoned huts and sheds, a broken road or path. Traces and pieces of evidence indicate that, once upon a time, human beings were here.

However, the closer they got to the Beast Domain, the more it felt like they had discovered a new land. "So this why they are called adventurers," Kane's eyes widened with realization. "Any and everything pertaining to the Beast Domain is an adventure."

He grinned. "It feels pretty cool when you think about it that way, not gonna lie."

Rui smiled. "Yes, yes, it does."

He breathed in deeply.

The fresh air felt good.

He had almost forgotten what it was like to not be stalked by bodyguards. It had been more than a year since the revelation of his princehood, and since then, a slew of Martial Masters who had sworn loyalty to him or from the Marital Union accompanied him pretty much everywhere.

He hadn't realized how sick of it he had grown until today when their simple absence had already begun having a positive effect on him. Thê sourc𝗲 of this conte/nt n/o/v/(𝒆l)bi((n))

His nerves, senses, and instincts became more active and alert. No longer could a Martial Master bail him out if he was in trouble.

No.

Only he could protect himself.

Indeed, this was what a Martial Artist ought to be like.

The many shocks and revelations he had been battered with, as well as the objective he had set for himself, had caused him to neglect the negative impacts of being a royal prince of Kandria.

He had already seen exactly what happened when a Martial Artist was constrained by a princely status. His half-brother Raijun would not have broken through to the Squire Realm if not for Rui's aid.

The lack of experience crippled a Martial Artist, and Rui would be no different if he followed the man's path. However, it was also true that, as a prince, he was in danger. This was true regardless of whether he succeeded in his current voyage.

Even if he succeeded in finding the Divine Doctor and bringing him back home to heal his father, he was still a prince.

No matter what he did, he would always be a member of the Royal Family and of Royal descent.

This would always bring about danger to him. The Kandrian Empire, simply by virtue of its size and power meant that he would always have enemies inside and outside the Kandrian Empire.

There were always going to be people that wanted him dead. There were always going to be people that wanted to hurt him.

All because of his blood.

That was why he needed bodyguards of the Master Realm at all times. If he didn't, he might as well offer his life up.

To live, he needed bodyguards. To progress as a Martial Artist; bodyguards were actually harmful.

It was an infuriating dilemma. He had found a temporary solution by juking the world. With Master Reina pretending to be him and disguising himself, he could get away with being a Martial Artist and giving himself real experience without dying.

However, this was not a permanent solution.

Eventually, he would return to the Kandria, and the problem would persist.

There was only one solution, as far as Rui could tell.

His eyes narrowed as he clenched his fists.

"The Master Realm." Once he broke through to the Master Realm, he will have gained the power to protect himself despite his princely status. One thing that he was not particularly pleased about was the fact that he didn't know where he stood. He had made fundamental upgrades to his system of thought by adding the Angel of Laplace to fundamentally upgrade his system of thought by getting rid of the greatest weakness of his Martial Art.

Of course, he hadn't cleanly mastered it as well as he would have liked, but he only got better and better at it.

Of course, the Martial Mind was supposed to be comprised of a system of thought that the conscious mind was unable to complete by itself. The Angel of Laplace, even the combat-refined version, was still an enormous flood of information that essentially paralyzed him because his mind was too weak to process all this information.

That was why he needed to stall the Gatekeeper before their battle began. He would be frozen in one place even if he wanted to move if used in combat.

Regardless, he was on the right path, and he just didn't know whether he had arrived at the precipice of a higher Realm.

It was infuriating because Master Reina had informed him that his path to the Master Realm would be the hardest all because of his gifted mind. He had reached such a high level of thought inherently thanks to his mind undergoing a second round of explosive cognitive growth in a young brain.

"Rui?" Kane's voice broke him out of his reverie.

"Hm?" "…I think we're here."

Rui turned forward as he beheld the Beast Domain for the first time.

-



Chapter 1884 Incredible

﻿﻿Rui had known about the Beast Domain for a long time. Since he first heard about it as a Martial Apprentice, he had gone on to learn how the central and core of the Panama Continent was one that was still occupied by nature and a natural ecosystem that was almost entirely untouched by human civilization.

He had heard stories.

Seen a few images.

He had even done a deep dive into the Beast Domain when preparing for it, learning even more about the fantasies and mysteries this domain, devoid of humanity, held.

Yet, nothing could have prepared Rui for what he saw.

Standing atop the edge of a cliff, he beheld the Beast Domain for the first time.

An ocean of alien-like flora of myriad colors stretched as far as the eye could see. Yet, not even the enchanting symphony of colors it created could distract one from the many miracles that seemed to unfold right before his eyes.

Islands that magically floated in the air, overshadowing the dense forests.

Rivers that defied gravity, flowing from the earth to the heavens above beyond even his enhanced depth of vision.

A transparent sky that did not scatter blue light. It was a sky that betrayed a universe filled with stars in broad daylight. The visage of the cosmos was a sight more profound than anything Rui had ever seen in his entire life.

There were colorful flashes of light, unlike anything one would ever see in the Human Domain. Fantastical Aurora Borealis spectacles danced across the transparent sky and the background of the very universe.

It was a magnificent fantasy that could paralyze one in awe for a thousand lifetimes.

RUMBLE

Mountains shook.

"No…" Rui's eyes widened with shock as he stared into the distance. "Those aren't mountains."

They were so enormous and resembled rock that Rui had thoroughly taken them for mountains, but he had seen this species before.

"Golems," Rui murmured with awe. "Golems the size of mountains."

Yet, as shocking as they were, they weren't the only fascinating species of flora. A myriad of creatures flickered in the air and the atmosphere in the distance. Their strange shapes resembled a fusion between birds and fish.

Yet Rui could only grow stunned when he realized that creatures swam in the air, identical to how fish swam in the ocean.

The very skies were their ocean.

Mis mind struggled to parse all the fantasies of the very fabric of the Beast Domain. The human mind had not evolved to be able to adapt to such drastic and radical shifts in reality.

"You good, bro?" Kane tilted his head towards Rui.

Kane had spent more than a month in the Beast Domain when he went there to get an alibi for his breakthrough to the Senior Realm. He had already gone through what Rui was currently going through.

It broke Rui out of his reverie.

A single whisper escaped him.

"…Incredible."

His voice was sincere.

No amount of studying could have ever prepared him for this.

No amount of preparation and research could have ever allowed him to maintain his composure.

"This…" Rui muttered. "This is a miracle in the flesh. The Beast Domain is unlike anything I could have imagined."

"Yeah, it's crazy," Kane concurred, nodding as he appreciated the scenery. "It's like I say, man, if not for the dying part, I would migrate and start a new life in the Beast Domain."

"Well, as a Martial Senior, you're not dying in an Apprentice-

level Region," Rui remarked.

"Yeah, but they're boring. Things get even more crazy the deeper you go."

"Crazier than this?" Rui gestured to the supernatural scenery before them.

"You have no idea," Kane grinned. "Let's go. The Pave of Graves is over there."VịSit no(v)3lb/!n(.)c𝒐m for new 𝒏ov𝒆l𝒔

He pointed distantly in the direction that they were walking.

It was buried under the canopy of the dense forest, but Rui's senses did allow him to make out a road in the Beast Domain.

The two of them descended from the cliff, sky-walking down to the Beast Domain as they headed toward the Pave of Graves.

STEP

"My first step into the Beast Domain," Rui murmured aloud.

"Quit being so melodramatic bro," Kane snorted

"This road…" Rui inspected it. "It hasn't been maintained in forever."

The material used to construct it had been subject to immense wear and tear over the decades. It appeared that the British Empire had completely stopped caring about it for many years now.

Rui narrowed his eyes. "Probably since the Second East Panamic War."

The Britannian Empire had become a lot more passive than it ever used to be after the Emperor broke through to the Transcendent Realm.

It clearly had some correlation to what Master Krakule had told him. For whatever reason, Martial Transcendents abstained from interfering in the world. Being the authoritarian state that it was, the Empire followed suit as it soon abandoned much of its previous hawkish warmongering aggression to the rest of East Panama.

"Still, it's good enough since we're on foot," Rui remarked. "The path was constructed to allow for carriages to pass through it without running into too much danger or losing their way through the Beast Domain, so we should be fine as well."

Direction was extremely important in the Beast Domain.

Rui knew it was extremely important, not just because he had thoroughly researched its importance but also because he could feel it at that very moment.

The Beast Domain hampered the natural sense of direction inclined to the planet's magnetic field.

Every species in the animal kingdom had evolved an inherent ability to maintain direction that was known to be correlated with the earth's magnetic field. Yet ever since Rui stepped into the Beast Domain, Rui felt as though he was lost.

He felt directionless.

He felt like he was drawn into an endless spiral where directions had lost meaning.

It didn't hamper his body or reflexes or reactions in a manner that would weaken him. But one could walk around in circles in a small region for years and never find one's way out.

-



Chapter 1885  Fear of Unknown



Of course, Rui was different.

He could record even directions in his Mind Palace, allowing him never to get lost no matter what.

"Let's get going," Rui shook his head vigorously. "We don't have any time to waste."

Every second wasted was one second less to find the Divine Doctor, bring him back, and heal his father.

The two of them immediately picked up the pace as they swiftly traveled through the Pave of Graves. Given how enormous the Beast Domain was, it would take them many weeks to travel through the Beast Domain.

The two of them traveled through the Beast Domain, experiencing its many fantasies up-front and in person.

It turned out that Kane was right.

Traveling through the Beast Domain showed Rui magical worlds that were even more fantastical than he had imagined possible.

They passed through a region with extremely light gravity and its own ecosystem of species that had adapted to the bizarre conditions of that region. Lands and rocks floated midair while trees had developed active mobile roots that could actively search for and hunt for the resources the tree needed.

Fauna, on the other hand, was much larger and heavier. On of that, they had stranger and more bizarre shapes that could never be sustained in high-gravity environments. The food chain of this region was no more than a cross-species game of three-dimensional tag with all kinds of animals leaping around in the air.

"Woah," Rui pirouetted in the air, drawing the attention of a local frog-like predator.

"RIBBIT!" It leaped at him.

Unfortunately, it was the last mistake it had ever made.

SPLAT!

Rui annihilated it with a single attack.

"Tsk, to think that an Apprentice-level beast thought it could eat me," Rui grumbled. "Hiding our power in the Human Domain was prudent, but it's self-sabotaging in the Beast Domain."

"True," Kane admitted.

In just a moment, the two of them unleashed their auras, removing the mental shackles on them.

A passive mid-grade Senior-level aura emerged from Kane, while one at the very peak of the Senior Realm erupted from Rui. A profoundly deep tsunami of peril emerged from Rui, sweeping across the region.

This was the power of one of the very strongest Martial Seniors to ever grace the Senior Realm.

The creatures in the region shivered before swiftly evacuating from the region in a hurry.

"Why do we live in the Kandrian Empire again?" Kane asked half-sarcastically and half-seriously. "We could just rule our own kingdoms, man."

"Meh, I'm not interested in ruling any kingdom, but especially not a pittance of a Squire-level or a Senior-level one," Rui remarked nonchalantly. "Yeah, you'd rather rule a Sage-level powerhouse like the Kandrian Empire, wouldn't you?" Kane smirked.

"Funny."

The two of them moved on, finally exiting the region and returning to normal gravity.

"Man…" Kane murmured, turning around. "They built a road through that?! Have they lost it?"

Kane had a prudent point. "I doubt it," Rui shook his head. "Most likely…this region was probably born in the past eighty years or so."

"Really?" Kane raised an eyebrow. "This region is that young? Is it really possible for so many species to have evolved so quickly to become perfectly suited for this region in such a short timeframe."

"The pacing is indeed unbelievable, but the Beast Domain is constantly in change," Rui replied. "Change from beast migration due to human expansion and encroachment. The Beast Convergence Theory proposed by the Ecologer. And just a high tendency to change due to volatile clashes between beasts in an ever-shrinking beast domain."

"…That's crazy," Kane murmured, turning back to the region behind them. "To think that we humans have caused this indirectly."

Rui narrowed his eyes. His nerves and senses tingled as he felt an implicit sense of peril.

It was not acute nor physical. It was certainly not some threat immediately around him. It was more like he felt unsafe simply being in the Beast Domain.

It was an ominous sense of fear.

A peril that was to come.

"New plans," Rui remarked, turning to Kane. "We're heading directly to the Valley of Prisms. I don't want to waste time leaving the Beast Domain and then re-entering it. Let's get this done as quickly as possible."

"You sure?" Kane raised an eyebrow. "We could die if we make a mistake."

"The probability of that happening is low so long as we are in registered and documented Apprentice-level and Squire-level danger zones." VịSit no(v)3lb/!n(.)c𝒐m for new 𝒏ov𝒆l𝒔

"Aren't only a quarter of the regions in the Beast Domain properly evaluated and graded?" Kane raised an eyebrow.

"We travel through the ones that are known to be safe," Rui remarked. "That way, we minimize the probability of running into a Master-level monster."

Of course, Rui could never get rid of the possibility of running into a Master-level monster that would kill them then and there. The Beast Domain defied order.

It defied predictability. The fact that his grandmother could predict such precise visions of the future spoke to not only how immensely powerful she, as a Martial Sage, was but also how powerful the Eye of Prophecy technique was.

"Let's keep our auras open in regions where we know we're the strongest," Rui suggested. "However, when we enter unknown regions of the Beast Domain, let's not only keep it closed but use our misdirection-stealth techniques as well while ensuring that the region is safe."

Both of them had mastered the Primordial Instinct technique and together would at least be able to detect non-hidden danger. If a Master-level beast roamed a certain region, then Rui and Kane would hardly fail to notice it.

"Damn, we might actually die," Kane realized. Rui understood the sentiment. The feeling of actually experiencing real danger for the first time since his battle with the Gatekeeper and his battle with the gauntlet of assassins before that in the Kandrian Empire.

However, for one of them, he had expected and prepared for while the other was a duel. Dangerous they were, but they were known.

For the first time in a long time, Rui was reminded of the fear of the unknown.

-



Chapter 1886  Hidden Threats



"By the way, I just assumed you have the navigation part under control," Kane murmured. "You do, right?"

"Yeah, I do, I added an ultra-high-definition map of the map to my Mind Palace," Rui remarked. "Courtesy of the guildmaster of the Adventurer's Guild."

"Good, then give me a heads up if we head into an unknown zone."

"Funny you should mention that," Rui remarked, turning to Kane.

"Because we are about to."

The two of them turned front, spreading their senses into the distance.

"What is that?" Kane raised an eyebrow.

Rui's expression grew grim. "Marsh."

"Oh, hell no!" Kane shook his head. "I am not setting foot in there. I bet there's a gigantic-ass anaconda or python that will eat me in one go."

"Then don't," Rui remarked. "We can sky-walk. We don't need to go anywhere near the marsh."

It was a fair point.

"…Only if my senses don't warn me against it," Kane replied apprehensively.

"Fair."

The two of them treaded through the forest as the lands beneath their feet grew increasingly less solid and increasingly marshier.

"Eugh," Kane grimaced as the two of them slowly began escalating into the air to avoid the marsh.

The flora began changing, gradually shifting from large trees to shorter and detached plants that loosely floated in the marsh. The two of them cautiously entered the new marshy region that gradually expanded while the forest was left behind them, keeping their senses active.

The moment they entered, they felt peril.

WHOOSH

Instantly, they surged higher into the air, putting distance between them and the marsh, quickly reaching the clouds.

By the time they realized that the danger came from above and not below, it was too late.

"SSSSS!!!"

A blindingly fast viper strike emerged from the clouds, lashing out at them.

WHOOSH!

Rui and Kane barely managed to evade death with active Martial Hearts as the viper's fangs missed them by inches. Being inflicted with venom in the Beast Domain was game over for any adventurer. It was recommended that one conveyed their final will to any party members along with them in the Beast Domain because that was a hopeless situation.

THWOOM THWOOM THWOOM!

Rui fired off three Might Roar Flash Blasts at the serpent, striking its scales hard.

"SSSS!!" It slithered back into the clouds it came from, evidently surprised at the power that the small creature was capable of unleashing.

Yet, just as the two of them could even think of relaxing, a myriad of serpent strikes converged on them, seeking to tear them apart.

"SSSS!!"

There was no room for escape.

In just the briefest fraction of milliseconds, Rui unleashed one of his most powerful techniques. One that he hadn't used in a long time.

'Mind Mask.'

Suddenly, his aura skyrocketed.

It shot far past the Senior Realm, reaching a higher Realm of power.

A Master-level aura spread across the entire battlefield, pressing down on the minds of those of Lower Realms.

Thankfully, the serpents had a powerful survival instinct. They shivered, ceasing their strike midway as they immediately slithered away from the two. The two of them panted heavily, breaking into a cold sweat. "Damn…" Kane murmured. "Not gonna lie, that was pretty close."

Rui nodded grimly, keeping his Master-level aura.

Whenever he got to the peak of a Realm, he gained the ability to project the power of a Higher Realm using the Mind Mask technique.

This was the first time he had projected the power of a Martial Master. Thankfully, it was successful.

"Good going," Kane heaved a sigh of relief. "Surviving that would have been…difficult." VịSit no(v)3lb/!n(.)c𝒐m for new 𝒏ov𝒆l𝒔

"I can keep this Mind Mask active for a short amount of time at most," Rui replied. "So let's get past this marshy area quickly."

Kane nodded before the two of them shot forward, sky-walking through the region at top speed.

Rui glanced at the clouds with narrowed eyes as he extended his senses to them. He knew that they housed serpents, but alas, his senses could not pick out any particular serpents among them.

Only when he used the Riemannian Echo could he sense them, even if barely. This showed how powerful their camouflage was, that they could fool the senses of a powerful Martial Senior like himself.

"You really can't let your guard down around here," Rui grumbled as he kept his senses active.

He could see why this region was marked as unknown. Most Martial Artists who entered it probably had the same thought that they did, staying away from the marsh when, in actuality, it was the clouds that were dangerous. In most cases, the ambush of the vipers was probably devastating and game over for the Martial Artists.

The Adventurer's Guild did not deploy Martial Artists to try and map the Beast Domain.

It was futile.

Not only were senses hampered in the Beast Domain, which explained why Rui and Kane failed to notice the vipers in the clouds, but the size of the Beast Domain was greater than the surface area of Planet Earth from his previous life.

Despite being a fraction of the Panamic Continent, it boasted a mind-boggling amount of area. It was impractical to try and actively map such an enormous environment. The Adventurer Guild relied on reports of adventurers to try and piece together a picture of the Beast Domain, but that was hardly enough to know every region of the Beast Domain inside out.

It wasn't too long before the two of them managed to exit the marsh region. The marsh slowly reverted back to mud before growing drier and coarser.

"I'm glad the marsh is behind us, but…" Kane murmured at the sight before them. "I'm not sure if I want to deal with this.

WHOOOSH

The cold winds of a blizzard blew against them. In the distance, an enormous spiral of ice, snow, and freezing cold winds churned in circles. The cold spread out as prickling winds blew over towards them.

"Fun," Kane murmured.

"Let's go, we don't have time to waste."

-



Chapter 1887 Shocking Revelations

﻿﻿The two of them treaded past the snow, heading straight for the blizzard.

"I can't even see the Pave of Graves anymore," Kane complained.

"I doubt the road survived all of this," Rui narrowed his eyes. "We'll just have to rely on my memory."

"…I know you're memory is good and all, but you're sure you have this, right?"

"Don't worry, I'm good," Rui replied.

The map he had memorized every detail of was intentionally extremely high-definition. He could actively track their position on it in real-time by translating the distance covered in real life to the distance covered in the map, allowing him to know exactly where they were.

"I don't have time to waste," Rui narrowed his eyes.

BADUMP!

His Martial Heart burst into life, empowering the entirety of his physicality. He inhaled deeply, filling his lungs to their maximum capacity.

THWOOM THWOOM THWOOM THWOOM THWOOM!!!

He launched his most powerful long-range attack.

BOOOM!!!

The tier-five Transverse Resonance attack crashed into the blizzard, instantly dispelling all the winds as the intense sound dispelled the winds swiftly, clearing a way for them.

"It'll reform soon; let's go," Rui remarked as the two of them shot forward and past the blizzard region swiftly. They maintained a brisk pace, crossing the snowy region within an hour and arriving on the other side quickly as they arrived at a cliff overseeing an enormous region that extended far into the distance.

The two continued traveling for hours.

Days even.

They stopped only for basic necessities, often prolonged because one of them needed to be awake when the other was asleep.

Region after region.

Zone after zone.

They continued traveling through the outermost regions of the Beast Domain to minimize the distance that they needed to cover.

The things that they came across were truly stunning. Rui had to readjust his worldview on the things that were possible.

He had always thought that the Human Domain was fantastical and magical. After all, it had places like the Umiana Trench, the Thundering Valley, the Great Forest of Hypnonarak, and the floating island.

Yet, those were bread and butter for the Beast Domain.

They come across a pillar of water that extended from the ground, reaching all the way into the depths of the heavens. It remained in place like a solid pillar spanning an enormous area that left them no choice but to try and cross it.

"Woah," Kane murmured, trying to reach for it.

Yet the moment he tried touching, the water retreated precisely enough to avoid his touch, leaving a cavity in the shape of his arm.

Rui grabbed a rock, throwing it at the pillar of water.

CLACK

The pillar of water retreated to avoid the trajectory of the rock, allowing it to hit the ground normally.

He expanded his senses into the large pillar of water, detecting many fish-like lifeforms.

Nothing unusual, if not for the fact that these were liquid lifeforms whose bodies were in a liquid state.

Rui splashed a bit of water into the pillar, which it did not reject.

"It's solid-phobic," Rui remarked. "It evades contact with all solid states of matter."

"That's crazy," Kane admitted.

"Confident in holding your breath?" Rui raised an eyebrow, turning to Kane with a wry smile.

Kane grinned. "You're on."

The two of them took a sprinter's position.Thê sourc𝗲 of this conte/nt n/o/v/(𝒆l)bi((n))

"Ready…Set…GO!"

BADUMP!

Their Martial Hearts blazed into life, propelling them at extraordinary speeds as they flashed through the pillar of water.

Much to Rui's surprise, the pillar managed to evade them cleanly despite their speed, never once touching them.

That was until they reached the center of the enormous pillar. The two shivered as they felt an enormous sense of peril.

It was the water.

The water that previously evaded them suddenly converged on them predatorily. Rui belatedly realized that the pillar of water was an actual living being and not just a lifeless medium like a sea!

'Shit.'

BOOOOOOM!!!

Rui and Kane rushed forward even as an enormous wave swept them, trying to consume them.

Alas, Rui was not that easy to kill.

'Hypertrophic Surge,' Rui narrowed his eyes as his muscles inflated, growing extremely powerful as he activated the Metabody System, massively amplifying Outer Convergence and Fire Breathing.

BOOOM!!!

His power crashed into the crushing weight of the water as an enormous shockwave erupted from the clash, flinging them out of the water.

The two of them gasped for air as they spun through the air, struggling to gain their balance in midair.

"What the fuck?!" Kane glared at the pillar of water that had already begun to return to its original shape. "Since when was water alive?!"

"Thankfully, it could only rely on its weight," Rui remarked. "It underestimated the power of the Senior Realm.

"Man, that shit is crazy…" Kane huffed as he turned around to get a good look at the region they had arrived at.

What he saw stunned him stiff.

In just a moment, his demeanor shifted, growing severe.

The air prickled, growing more tumultuous.

"This…" Kane's eyes widened with shock. "Isn't this…?"

His voice grew incredulous.

His mouth dropped at the scene before him.

Rui followed his gaze, immediately narrowing his eyes.

His expression grew grave.

"Am I dreaming?!" Kane exclaimed with shock.

"No…" Rui shook his head.

Before them, spanning an enormous distance, was a region filled with the ruins of civilization. They stood in the sky, overseeing a region that spread far into the distance, one covered in light forests and trees.

What stood out of place was the presence of remains of the foundations and bases of once-large buildings. A large half-

broken tower stuck out of the forest like a sore thumb.

The remains of what once were roads spread across the entire region, indicating the presence of a once-large metropolis.

Kane shook at the revelation.

"But how?!" He stared at the region before them. "How can there be ruins of human civilization in the Beast Domain?! Didn't we conquer the Beast Domain from the very edges of the continent moving inwards?"

-



Chapter 1888 Nagarojin

The size of the region over which the ruins spanned was enormous. It exceeded the size of the Town of Hajin and the Capital Town of Vargard in the Kandrian Empire. It was clearly extremely. Buildings had been chopped right down to their very foundations, leaving only the sturdy bases that once supported them.

Piles of rubble from bricks and slabs of stone piled up across the entire region, painting the desolate picture of the erosion of civilization.

Yet, not even time could hide how glorious this city would have been in during its prime. The network of roads indicated an incredibly brilliant vision of civil engineering for the entire metropolis. The foundations and bases of infrastructure revealed an extremely well-thought-out planning for infrastructure allocation.

Just these clues alone allowed one to infer that this was far from a primitive civilization that merely tried to survive.

No.

This was a civilization that thrived.

It was a painful reminder that nothing could last forever.

"How can this be…?" Kane gazed at the ruins with shock. "These aren't years old. Or even decades old. These are centuries old, if not longer! But how? Weren't we much more primitive back then or something? We barely survived outside of the Beast Domain that spanned much of the continent. How in the world did a human city flourish in the Beast Domain?!"

He grew excited. "We need to inform the Adventurer's Guild about this place!"

"They already know," Rui replied calmly. "They have taken to calling it the Lost City of Nagarojin."

Kane's eyes widened with surprise. "Lost City of Nagarojin?"

"Yeah," Rui nodded. "This is the name designated to this particular lost city."

"Wait wait wait," Kane raised his hands, gesturing Rui to stop. "Isn't this revolutionary?! Why are you so nonchalant about it?"

"It is revolutionary," Rui nodded. "But it is not new. It isn't even unique. There are other such ruins in the Beast Domain, although very scarce and rare. It is not possible for ruins from well beyond the age of Martial Art to survive this long."

"…What?" Kane whispered, turning back to the lost city. "I don't get it. How can that be? What does it even mean?!"

"The mystery of lost cities is one of the greatest mysteries we know," Rui replied. "Lots of data has been collected throughout the years on these strange ruins of civilization in the Beast Domain, and the very cream of the crop of experts and scholars of human civilization have collectively gone through it to try and piece together the very mystery that plagues you right now?"

"…And…?" Kane urged him.

Rui shrugged. "Nobody knows. Nobody understands how human civilization existed in the Beast Domain. It has utterly baffled archaeologists, anthropologists, historians, and other experts in relevant parallel fields."

"Oh, come on!" Kane complained. "You can't leave hanging like that!"

Rui smiled wryly, amused. "Well, there are hypotheses. Of course. However, none of them have managed to cross the threshold to be considered as fact beyond a reasonable doubt. It is one of the greatest points of conflict among historians specializing in early humanity."

STEP

The two of them reached and landed in the metropolis of ruins overrun by thick vegetation. Yet, no amount of vegetation could hide the touch of humanity in this particular region.

Rui's senses washed over the entire region, relieved at what he sensed.

"Well, this seems to be most an Apprentice-level danger zone," Rui heaved a sigh of relief. "Considering that the bases of these ruins and all this light vegetation are intact, I highly doubt there are any Master-level monsters in this particular region. We can take a break here, get some rest and recuperate."

"What hypotheses?" Kane urged, ignoring his words.

Rui smiled wryly. "First, we find a good place to get some rest."

The two of them tread through the ruins of the Lost City of Nagarojin, observing the various remains of the ruins.

Not much could be inferred due to how much had been eroded by time.

Patched of what used to once have been a road appeared to be constructed by burying slabs of stone into the mud beside each other to form a level path. Considering even a bit of it had managed to survive centuries in the Beast Domain, its endurance could be praised.

"Woah…" Kane murmured as he came across an open space in the ground with straight walls. Something that, once, was clearly manmade. "You think this was like an open bath or a swimming pool of ancient times?"

Rui shrugged, eying a particular spot. "I found us a good spot." VịSit no(v)3lb/!n(.)c𝒐m for new 𝒏ov𝒆l𝒔

He gestured towards a particular ruin in the distance whose walls were better preserved than any other. Creepers had formed a net atop it, allowing it to serve as a natural shelter. The two young men decided to partake in its shelter for the time being, having traveled more than a day continuously.

"Alright, spit it out," Kane glared at Rui, who enjoyed his impatience.

"I told you," Rui replied, drinking some water. "Nobody knows. There are only hypotheses. One popular hypothesis is the Beast Nativity Hypothesis, which states that human civilization long ago had been integrated into the Beast Domain along with the fantastical fauna and flora of the Beast Domain. This particular hypothesis suggests that the Beast Domain once covered every end of the Panama Continent, and humans lived within it as just one out of many species of the Beast Domain."

"Woah," Kane murmured as his gaze returned to the lost city around him. "That would explain why there was a human city or multiple human cities in the Beast Domain. But that feels off, to be honest."

Rui nodded. "Occam's Razor certainly aids this particular hypothesis due to how simply it follows the evidence. However, there are many gaping questions that present themselves at the behest of this particular hypothesis. What happened? The earliest human records preserved in the Human Domain indicate that humanity was outside the Beast Domain on the very outskirts of the Panama Continent. So how and why did humanity go from inside all the way outside, abandoning the robust and sophisticated civilization that they built in the Beast Domain?"

-



Chapter 1889 Other Issues

Rui narrowed his eyes. "That's not the only issue. Another issue that presents itself is the fact that the quality and scale of civilization that we see here vastly exceeds that of early human history on the Panama Continent. A thousand years ago or so, humans were still hunter-gatherers at best or nomadic tribes at worst. Thus, the anthropological discontinuity in the sophistication of civilization suggests that the hypothesis is deeply flawed or very incomplete."

"Makes sense…" Kane murmured. "I felt it was off, but that does highlight why it's off."

Rui had to agree that intuitively, he felt like it was incomplete or outright wrong as well.

"What about other hypotheses?" Kane asked, turning to Rui.

"Well, they're just possibilities that try to connect this part of human civilization to known history," Rui remarked. "There are all kinds of possibilities that anyone can conjure up. A forced migration. Independent civilizations inside and outside the Beast Domain. Maybe nigh-extinction events that led to a reset etc. The possibilities are endless as long as you are creative enough. They are not what's significant."

"Well, then, what is significant?" Kane asked, curious.

"The information that we have about the traces of ancient civilization in the Beast Domain that we have much greater confidence in than unsubstantiated hypotheses," Rui replied calmly. He continued, "For example, anthropologists, through data collected by Martial Artists commissioned through the Adventurer's Guild, have made very odd empirical observations of these so-called lost cities."

"Like what?"

"It's not one definitive observation," Rui replied. "It's actually many little observations. In some of the better-preserved lost cities, they managed to gain a better understanding of the technological paradigms of these civilizations. And while somewhat unclear due to how much has been lost, it's almost as if…" Thê sourc𝗲 of this conte/nt n/o/v/(𝒆l)bi((n))

Rui narrowed his eyes. "…Almost as if these civilizations did not know what esoteric substances were."

Kane's eyes widened with shock. "What?! What do you mean?!"

"Let me explain," Rui answered. "For example, you know how esoteric lighting technology works in our human civilization, right?"

"…Yeah, we use moonshine and glowflower plants, right?"

One was an extremely common esoteric substance in the crust of the Panama Continent that absorbed ambient light during the day and shined when ambient light around it reduced, serving as natural automated lighting for when the Sun started setting. It was considered esoteric because, mysteriously, the light it shined exceeded the light that it absorbed.

The other was a plant that could shine endlessly as long as it was healthy.

Both of these were extremely economical and cheap ways of generating light that there was practically no incentive to use anything else as a source of light, including fire which required fuel that cost money.

"Well, this advanced civilization, advanced as it was, did not use moonshine rock that can be found literally everywhere in the Panamic Continent," Rui replied. "They used firewood across the entire metropolis despite its massive inconvenience. There is some anthropological evidence that they even had processes for drying wood during monsoons to ensure that they could light fires. Why didn't this clearly sophisticated civilization employ moonshine instead?"

Kane's eyes swam around, deep in thought. "Yeah, that's kinda crazy, not gonna lie."

"It would be one thing if some environmental reasons, such as particular topographies like deserts, prevented them from having access to moonshine. But, as far as anthropologists can tell, this seems to be universal across lost cities," Rui remarked. "That isn't the only instance. Putting aside rare esoteric phenomena, lost cities did not have any records indicating that they were aware of more common esoteric phenomena that are nigh-universal in our civilization today. It's extremely bizarre."

"It definitely feels really weird," Kane murmured, immersed in his thoughts.

"It's especially absurd when you consider that these lost cities are in the Beast Domain, which contains even more esoteric wonders than the Human Domain. So, a stark lack of esotericism in their civilization has completely flummoxed anthropologists and historians. It's just reality-defying. This is why no one has understood lost cities. Not even the best of minds that humanity has to offer in regard to these fields, like the Scrier, the Esoterist, and the Ecologer, have been able to whip up an explanation as to what all of this means."

None of this was common knowledge.

In fact, much of what Rui had told Kane was classified. The existence of lost cities had not been discovered until after the Age of Martial Art was founded. It had shattered the known understanding of human history and was dealt with in an extremely careful and furtive manner.

While the existence of lost cities could not be kept secret, many of its ramifications were deemed to be worth censoring until they gained a better understanding of what had happened.

It was a stupid decision as far as Rui was concerned. They should have never hidden the full extent of the truth and divulged everything from the very get-go in the spirit of the pursuit of truth. But alas, that wasn't nearly as much of a thing here in the Panama Continent as it was back on Earth.

Naturally, as prince and successor to the throne, he had learned everything there was to know, to a basic degree.

It changed his view of human history on the Panama Continent.

The current conventional understanding of human history was based on Panamic civilization in the human domain, which has only comprised a thousand years of history. It was remarkably simple when looked at as a whole. It was marked by the believed and theorized transition from nomadic to settlement. From there on, civilization grew increasingly sophisticated as humans made greater use of the magical resources that the Panama Continent had to offer, expanding, developing, and engaging in war with each other until five hundred years later, the Age of Martial Art was born.

However, evolutionists agreed that the human species had been around for far longer than a thousand years.

This meant that the history constructed from available evidence only told a minute fraction of the totality of human history since the inception of the species.

-



Chapter 1890 Unanswered Questions

Thus, historians lazily marked the history of humanity prior to the previous thousand years as the Empty Ages.

Nobody knew what happened during the Empty Ages more than a thousand years ago because there was no evidence of any kind that they could work with. Rui recalled that his father had told him that the Scrier was a historian immortal sage who sought to uncover the truth of the Empty Ages.

Just what had happened to humanity prior to the previous thousand years of recorded history?

Did the lost cities have anything to do with the Empty Ages? What was their correlation to the Empty Ages and what could be inferred about history from them? Where did the lost cities of the Beast Domain fit in the truth of the world?

"Unfortunately, as I said, not even the brightest minds of humanity have found an answer to these profound questions. Nobody knows the tantalizing truth about this world," Rui quietly concluded his little seminar while they recuperated in a ruin in the lost city of Nagarojin.

"…That's crazy," Kane remarked, immersed in what Rui had told him.

"Yep," Rui nodded.

"If the lost cities are this significant, then shouldn't the Adventurer's Guild take to doing better job of protecting it?" Kane asked, curious.

Rui snorted mirthlessly. "In the Beast Domain? Really? The expenditure is not worth it from the perspective of a commercial organization like the Adventurer's Guild. This is not a revenue-generating asset."

"…Shame."

"If you're worried about precious history being lost to time, then don't be," Rui remarked. "Lost cities are scrupulously scanned, surveyed, and recorded thoroughly, the moment they are discovered, by the Panamic History Association and the Council of Archaelogy and Anthropology," Rui reassured him. "They probably recorded every single detail about the Lost City of Nagarojin decades ago. It's more practical to gather all the information that they would ever need than to try to fight against time vainly and the Beast Domain."

"That feels better," Kane nodded. "Still, it's a shame that these ruins are not being preserved. They're priceless history!"

Rui heaved a sigh. "It's how the world works. If there's no money, people don't care."

"So you studied about lost cities before you entered the Beast Domain?"

"Among other things, yes," Rui nodded. "I knew that the Divine Doctor was in the Beast Domain, which would almost certainly mean that I would need to enter it to find him. Thus, it's worth doing your homework before you enter. I am well-prepared for literally everything we might need."

He gestured to his portable little backpack and many belts featuring instruments, artifacts, and items that one might need in the Beast Domain.

"What even is all of that?" Kane furrowed his eyebrows.

"Antidotes and anti-venom for the most common types of poisons and venoms in the Beast Domain," Rui began. "Also, extremely versatile first-aid for any and all wounds and afflictions one can have in the Beast Domain. Weeks worth of extremely dense Martial food pills. Also, a whole slew of cutting-edge navigational artifacts made from proprietary Kandrian technology. Also-"

"Alright, I get it." Kane gestured for him to stop with an exasperated expression. "I'm glad you're well-prepared since I sure as hell am not."

"I got you covered."

The two of them bantered for a bit before their conversation returned to more pertinent matters.

"How far are we from the Valley of Prisms?" Kane groaned. VịSit no(v)3lb/!n(.)c𝒐m for new 𝒏ov𝒆l𝒔

"Weeks worth of travel far. Probably well over a month, even at a brisk pace, as Martial Artists. The distance is huge even if we can travel extremely fast easily," Rui remarked. "But traveling through the outskirts of the Beast Domain means that this is still shorter than it would have taken had we gone through the Human Domain."

After all, they would still have had to circle around, but the circle would have been much longer.

"Sure, but aren't we slower in the Beast Domain?" Kane raised an eyebrow.

"Only if you try to stray too deep and start running to Senior-

level danger zones more frequently," Rui replied. "As long as we stick to the outskirts where the danger zones are not that much of a threat to Martial Seniors like us."

"Hmmm…" Kane shrugged. "Once we reach there, you're immediately going to work on deducing where the Divine Doctor went on from there, right?"

Rui nodded. "I'm sure that it's one of the three: the Caves of Penance, the Sea of Solitude, and the Forest of Fear. I just need to find clues for what I seek to find."

"Honestly, finding people in the Beast Domain sounds utterly impossible," Kane remarked. "If someone told me that they were going to find not only any random person but someone that is known to be hard to track, in the Beast Domain? I would not believe them. But…"

He turned to Rui. "I know better than to bet against you."

Rui smiled wordlessly. "Let's catch some sleep before the next stretch. It's better to do extended travels than to constantly and frequently take short breaks."

"Alright," Kane yawned. "I'm really sleepy after all that exercise, so I'll eat up a bit and head to sleep."

The two of them quickly consumed some dense food pills that were condensed heavy pills with everything that their body needed before heading to sleep. The two of them needed to ensure that they were at their peaks when they resumed traveling through the Beast Domain.

While traveling, they needed to be extremely alert at the first hint of danger; otherwise, they could be taken down faster than they could react to. With the Beast Domain hampering senses to a certain degree, the importance of alertness was extremely high. One could not be half-asleep when traveling through the Beast Domain. That was a recipe for disaster and asking to get killed. Thus, as unnerving sleeping in the Beast Domain could be, it was even more unnerving and dangerous to be sleepless while traveling through various danger zones.

-



