Chapter 1951  Education



Months passed as Rui patiently adhered to his word. He didn't want to waste any more time in the Garden of Salvation than absolutely necessary. The Elder Tree was thankfully intelligent, learning math and science at a remarkable speed.

I don't understand this problem.

The Elder Tree projected the numerical into Rui's head. It was an elementary trigonometric equation that required simplification.

"It's simple," Rui patiently informed it. "Apply the expressions sine-two-theta equals two sine-theta-cos-theta, and cos-two-theta equals cos-squared-theta minus sin-squared-theta. Once the angles of the trigonometric terms are equal, you can cancel them out, and you'll be left with a simplified expression."

I see. That does indeed solve the problem. Rêađ lat𝒆st ch𝒂/p/ters on n𝒐/v/𝒆/l(b)i𝒏(.)c/𝒐/m

Rui ensured that the quality of the education that he imparted to the Elder Tree was high so that the rate of learning and time period required to learn everything he needed to know was high.

Why have you been circling around the Garden of Salvation over and over for the past few months everyday? The Elder Tree asked, curious.

"Don't mind him," Kane yawned, bored. "He does weird shit like that all the time."

"It's because I am planning to add the Garden of Salvation to my Mind Palace to accommodate the flood of information that you will be supplying me," Rui replied. "My current Mind Palace is not large enough to store the flood of information that you will be supplying me."

I see; that is prudent. It will certainly increase the probability that your mind will come away with its sanity intact.

"In addition, I am studying your domain bending," Rui added clinically. "You may not be able to teach me, but I still certainly have much to learn just by watching you so close. I doubt I will see anything remotely spectacular as far as domain bending for a long time."

Though, admittedly, Rui felt equally awed and grim when he witnessed the magnificence of the world-bending of the Elder Tree.

I would suggest not comparing your Flowing Void Style with my Garden of Salvation. It advised him friendlily. Remember, I am a tree. My entire existence is stationary and integrated into the world. My roots are deeply integrated into the earth, while my enormous branches and leaves are deeply integrated into the heavens. I have a very specific and extraordinary affinity with heaven and earth, unlike any other species in existence.

Rui understood what the Elder Tree was trying to convey to him.

The Elder Tree was to domain techniques that fish were to water. Its very existence at its root, literally and metaphorically, was inclined towards domain bending. In comparison, humans did not have any particularly strong affinity as a species. That was why the Martial Paths of humanity were so diverse and varied.

"You also have powerful hypnosis," Rui noted.

That is by virtue of the primacy of my intelligence and the sheer size of my body and everything in it. Pound-for-pound, your affinity for hypnosis is far greater than my innate affinity for it.

That made sense. Furthermore, if you break through the Master Realm, you will exceed my paltry prowess in this regard, I suspect.

"Mmmm," Rui nodded before raising his eyebrow. "Say, how do you know what the Master Realm is all about? That's not something that is common knowledge."

Over the centuries, I could not help but that Martial Artists of the 'Master Realm' had expanded consciousnesses and extraordinarily sophisticated combat styles. I managed to put two and two together. In addition, my flora network extends into the human domain, and thus, I am able to spy on humanity.

Rui narrowed eyebrows. "That's quite the thing to reveal to a human."

It is a gesture of goodwill in regard to our agreement. In addition, communicating will be easier if you are aware of this channel of communication. There are some species of flora for which I have a high affinity due to similar genetic makeup. If you plant these in the human domain, we will be able to communicate back and forth directly.

The Elder Tree had an interest in revealing this communication network because if it was to make the best use of the Martial capital that Rui pledged to dedicate to aiding its survival, then it needed to communicate with Rui effectively.

After all, its requirements were extremely complicated and comprehensive. Without extensive communication between both sides, there was no way that it could possibly coordinate its requirements with Rui and the Kandrian Empire. "Oh?" Rui raised an eyebrow. "In that case, are you willing to enter into a mutual intelligence-exchange agreement?"

Certainly. Intelligence exchanges are harmless and mutually beneficial.

Rui grinned. "Nice."

This was an extremely lucrative agreement for the Kandrian Empire. Gaining access to reliable intelligence across the entire Beast Domain was an extremely priceless asset. One of the reasons that the powers that drove humanity didn't just conduct a full-scale invasion into the Beast Domain or more extensive operations into the Beast Domain was because the lack of intelligence drastically increased the losses and casualties suffered. The consensus among experts was the human domain, in its totality, was more powerful but not enough to get away with anything more than a bloody pyrrhic victory. Yet, one of the reasons for that evaluation was because of a startling lack of comprehensive intelligence into everything that could factor in, including and especially environment.

In other words, lack of intelligence was why large-scale operations into the Beast Domain were rare. There were too many points of failure in such operations to have any chance of nothing going wrong.

But with the intelligence from a being that was the equivalent of the Beggar's Sect of the Beast Domain, the Kandrian Empire had an enormous edge over all other fourteen Sage-level powerhouses across humanity. It was as big a strategic advantage when it came to the Beast Domain as the Silas Clan. In other words, Rui had brought the Kandrian Empire a second trump card that could potentially elevate the Kandrian Empire above all other nations!

-



Chapter 1952  The Natural Order



However, I won't supply intelligence if I have reason to believe that the way you humans act upon it will be to my detriment.

"That's how intelligence exchange agreements usually go," Rui replied calmly. Good.

Rui turned to the Elder Tree with quizzical eyes. "Do you dislike humans?"

He wouldn't be surprised if it did. Humanity's constant encroachment and colonization into the Beast Domain was one of the largest causes for the many disruptions that the Beast Domain dealt with on a daily basis.

This, in turn, was the whole reason that the Elder Tree had created a Garden of Salvation. In order to preserve the species in their environments and ensure they didn't fall prey directly to humanity or to the spiked competition within the Beast Domain. Thus, Rui would hardly be surprised if the Elder Tree harbored hatred for humanity. If it did, it was rational enough to recognize that cooperation was still the best way to go.

The Elder was clearly aware of his thoughts.

I am incapable of hatred as an emotion. I am incapable of a lot of emotions that you of the animal kingdom are able to harbor. I am aware that you humans do not share this perspective, but I see humanity as a part of nature rather than something outside of it.

Rui's eyes lit up with intrigue. "…You're right; I've never thought of humanity as a part of nature."

Why wouldn't you be? Your species is of this world and of this continent, just like all other species. As a species, humanity is a descendant of the last unifying common ancestor that we all share from billions of years ago. The human species is undoubtedly a part of the natural order, as far as I am concerned. If anything…

Rui felt a pointed gaze from the Elder Tree.

…If anything, it is you who is not a part of the natural order. You of another world.

"…Thanks." Rui huffed wryly.

You do not need to thank me. Ultimately, while I am not fond of the impact that humanity has had on the Beast Domain, I am cognizant of the fact that an overwhelming majority of species in this world would overrun every other species if they possessed the power to do so. Humanity is the only species strong enough to possibly do so.

"That is true," Rui nodded. If any predator species gained the power to prey on the entirety of the biosphere, then they would eradicate all life into extinction. The only reason this didn't happen was because they were far too weak to actually accomplish this goal.

"Say…" Rui turned to the Elder Tree. "You said you'd been alive for a millennium, correct?"

It is indeed accurate that I have lived approximately one thousand human years.

"Then do you know what happened prior to your life? And can you tell me what the world was like one thousand years ago?" Rui asked, curious.

He was not a historian. However, he would be lying if he wasn't curious about what happened during the Empty Ages. It was far too much of a mystery. It was especially difficult to halt his curiosity when a potentially reliable source on the matter could potentially clear up the mystery.

The Elder Tree was aware of what Rui wanted to know.

Unfortunately, I do not know the truth about the Empty Ages. I also was not sentient when I was a mere sapling. Sentience and intelligence grow differently in the plant kingdom than it does in the animal kingdom.

"Well, damn," Rui cursed. "I was hoping that would have solved the mystery."

Although I was not sentient, however, I can tell you that I was the first of my species. I do not know how I came to be. And while I was not sentient of my sapling days. My body did contain…impressions of what the world was like back then.

Rui's eyes lit up with interest again.

…A broken world.

Rui raised an eyebrow.

One that was healing. Th.ê most uptod/at𝓮 n𝒐vels a/re published on n(0)velbj)n(.)c/o/m

Rui furrowed his eyebrows. "What?"

I don't know. But that is the only impression I can recall. "Hmmm…" Rui narrowed his eyes. "Do you mean broken as in civilizationally, environmentally, ecologically, or literally, or in any other possible context?"

I'm afraid I am unable to clarify. "Damn," Rui muttered. "Well, whatever."

That was the extent of his curiosity.

"How's the learning going?" He turned to the Elder Tree, narrowing his eyes. "I don't want any unnecessary delays. I am on a tight schedule."

I will soon reach a stage where I am confident that I will no longer need your aid. I would recommend you begin preparing yourself for the inheritance of my vast knowledge. If you have any chance of coming away with your mind and sanity intact, it will only be if you have honed your mind to an absolutely optimal state and have made all the preparations you need.

"What do you think I'm doing?" Rui gestured down to the Garden of Salvation.

"Taking a walk in the garden?" Kane huffed beside him, breaking his silence.

"I am expanding my Mind Palace with the Garden of Salvation. That takes time and continuous exposure to this place," Rui retorted. "It is good that this place is as large as a country. Once I'm done with that…"

He narrowed his eyes. "I will engage in a lot of mental conditioning and exercise."

"Exercise?" Kane raised an eyebrow.

"This is hardly the first time I have been flooded with information," Rui replied calmly. "I have ways to simulate and replicate that as well. I will use that to temper my mind against large floods of information so that it doesn't snap."

"Are you sure that's going to be enough?" Kane raised an eyebrow.

"Well, I cannot be certain, but it is the very best I can do," Rui remarked calmly. "Ultimately, only time will tell whether it will be enough. Only time will tell whether it will have been worth it.

-



Chapter 1953 Commencing Agony

Half a year passed before the Elder Tree was finally done.

It is truly a shame that the non-esoteric sciences of this world are not on par with those of Earth.

Rui didn't respond.

I have completed learning everything from your end of the deal. Now, I am willing to fulfill my end of the deal.

His eyes opened.

He sat cross-legged in his quarters, having been immersed in his thoughts. He glanced around at the room he was in.

He was in his room in the Quarrier Orphanage.

This was at his request, courtesy of the Elder Tree.

It was comforting, but it also made him feel homesick. The Beast Domain was not a pleasant place. He truly looked forward to the day that he could return to the Kandrian Empire.

Unfortunately, he had many tribulations and hurdles to overcome before that was the case.

One of them was already ready, waiting for him.

"Fuuuuu…" He exhaled deeply.

In the past half year, he had thoroughly integrated the Garden of Salvation into his Mind Palace, massively increasing the area of the entire mental location and creating countless brand-new storage locations.

Additionally, he had also subjected himself to extremely strenuous mental training.

The Angel of Laplace.

It was the most mentally strenuous technique that he had ever created in his entire life. Trying to keep up with it was like trying to stop a tsunami with one's own body. It was extremely difficult. He had subjected himself to it day in and day out for the past six months, bombarding his mind with a flood of data.

It paid off.

His tolerance had increased significantly. Things that would have completely overwhelmed him before were now not just barely manageable. The mind was a muscle. While it did not undergo hypertrophy as other muscles did, it did become stronger the more one trained and exercised it.

The third measure he took was conditioning himself in a state of absolute focus.

He only did this in times when he was faced with a great hurdle or obstacle before him.

It was only fit for circumstances where he needed to focus on a matter of utmost importance, trumping all else. It was actually not optimal for the Beast Domain; traversing the Beast Domain required immense alertness and situational awareness regarding everything that could possibly be a threat.

But it was perfect for maximizing the probability of successfully absorbing the inheritance of the Elder Tree.

Yet, it also impacted his aura.

It had become sharper.

It left one feeling at the edge of a blade.

A quiet peril radiated from deep within him, inspiring primal fear from those it touched.

"I am ready."

His voice was calm and soft.

…Are you sure?

"Certain."

The tone of his voice agreed, conveying unyielding confidence.

So be it. The knowledge and skill that the Divine Doctor imparted to me allow me to take care of all biological functions that would otherwise require you to pause and stop. I can ensure that your body remains stable and catered during the entire time.

"…Good," Rui heaved a sigh.

CLACK

The door opened as Kane appeared, heaving a deep sigh. "The tree told me. It's time?"

"Indeed." Rui nodded slowly. "Once we begin, do not disturb me with anything no matter what. Got it?"

"Gotcha. I'd change your mind if I could, but…" Kane smiled wryly. "I know that isn't happening. So… break a leg?"

Rui huffed, smiling. "Thanks."

Kane left them alone, closing the door behind him.

…Are you ready?

Rui inhaled deeply, exhaling in a huff. "Yes."

He lay on his bed as roots emerged from within the ground, piercing different spots in his arms and legs and into his blood vessels to regulate his circulatory system and blood flow. A root formed something resembling a gas mask, planting itself onto his face.

Several thicker roots wrapped across each limb powerfully, holding him in place. It would not do if Rui thrashed around during the inheritance.

BADUMP

Rui lightly activated the Martial Heart, increasing the metabolism of his brain. Yet he reduced the output to ten percent so that it would last an entire session.

It was soon to come.

The air grew taut with tension.

It boiled tumultuously.

Say the word.

Rui closed his eyes.

"Begin."

So be it.

At that moment, a titanic tsunami of information crashed into his mind.

A collision greater than anything he had ever experienced in his entire life ensued.

"AAARRGHJHJHHHHHHHHHH!" A guttural bellow of excruciating pain escaped him as more information than he had ever beheld bombarded him at once, threatening to crush him.

BOOOM!!! VịSit no(v)3lb/!n(.)c𝒐m for new 𝒏ov𝒆l𝒔

His Mind Palace shivered under the sheer force of the oceans of data that the Elder Tree poured into his mind.

"Rggghhhhhh!" Rui gritted his teeth as he struggled to process all of it.

It was agonizing.

So much so that the very notion of suffering this for half a year brought him to the brink of despair.

Yes, his eyes flared with fiery determination as he bore the full brunt of the devastating information impacts within the depths of his mind. His determination soared as he processed every iota of data that the Elder Tree passed on to him, planting them in locations across the entirety of his newly expanded Mind Palace.

The Flame Baboon species.

The Tempestuous Turtle species.

The Light Dragon species.

Species after species, Rui learned about the most optimal environmental data needed to adapt to them. Yet, that wasn't all; the Elder Tree also shared profoundly exclusive insights and other strategically important information that it had to offer regarding all of them.

Yet, that only made it harder.

"ARRGHHHHHHHHH!!!" Rui struggled as a torrent of information weathered away his ability to process. The powerful force of information threatened to completely consume his mind the moment he let up on his effort.

Just the slightest bit of carelessness, and he could easily be thrown into a coma.

A single mistake could end it all.

And even if he succeeded in avoiding a single mistake…

"AAAARRRRRGGHHHHHHHHHHAAAHAGAHH!!!" Screams of agony spread across the entire Garden of Salvation.

-



Chapter 1954  Patterns



"ARGRHRGRHRHHHHRAGHARHHH!!!" Rui's screams melted into incoherent wails of agony.

Blood began trickling from his eyes, ears, mouth, and nose from the sheer stress that it caused within his body. If not for the Elder Tree, which promptly used the remarkable medical prowess it came to develop from the knowledge and skill it inherited from the Divine Doctor and its own powerful capabilities, Rui would have died very soon.

Yet, nobody who saw his current state could, in good faith, insist that the Elder Tree was doing him any favors.

Death was mercy in comparison to what Rui was being subjected to.

"AAAARGRHRGHRRGWHAGRGAHHHHHRHRHRHGHGGHRRR!!!!!" A soul-wrenching guttural screech of pure agony erupted from within him even as he processed the information that was thrust into him. The Elder Tree almost stopped prematurely at several points when it felt like Rui was on the verge of snapping from the sheer information overload. It was extremely cautious and attentive to his mental state, harboring a dim hope that it would be able to stop at the right moment if Rui ever snapped. Yet, much to its surprise, scream and struggle as he did; his mind never shattered. Even at certain points when any other Senior in his position would have long been turned into a vegetable, Rui gritted his teeth and forged on.

"Rrrrggghhghegrhrhr!!!" His eyes were fierce with pain and determination. Despair stared him in the eye.

It waited for him to fall to it.

There were very few times that he had come this close to breaking down in despair and misery.

Not even the Squire evolution process was so soul-wrenching.

It was one of pure physical pain.

It certainly tested mental fortitude. Martial Artists who had managed to retain their senses and sanity from it were undoubtedly cut from those who had suffered permanent mental anguish or the Martial Apprentices who chickened out.

Yet, it didn't even hold a candle to what Rui had subjected himself.

Mental pain was different.

It was not an experiential sensation.

It was suffering.

It was pure, unadulterated, condensed suffering. The kind that would eventually weather even the hardest of warriors.

Because the experience was mental, the flow of time was different.

It served to prolong the sheer agony that he felt from the experience. Each moment was its own eternity.

It would stretch out forever. "AAAAAAAAARGRHRGRHRGARGAHRGRGHRG!!!"

Rui had lost track of time.

His mental fortitude had shocked the Elder Tree, who was surprised he had managed to last as long as he did. Species after species crashed into his mind.

The Boiling Boar species.

The Roaring Dragon species.

The Killing Kirin species.

One by one, amidst the horrors of the mental agony he experienced, he also stored them within the expanded Mind Palace. Species by species, and more importantly, world upon world.

He received immense environmental data on how the optimal for each species ought to be, and he instantly stored it in the Mind Palace even as his mind suffered the shock of immense information being poured into it.

Ordinarily, he should have been in joy.

After all, this priceless intelligence was exactly what he had sought from the very beginning.

But alas, the path that he had chosen to go down was anything but joyful.

"AAAAAARGRHRGRHAGRAHRGRHHHHH!!!" An incoherent guttural bellow of suffering escaped him as fires within his eyes began dimming.

The darkness of fear began overcoming them.

His heart rate spiked, palpitating uncertainly.

His body struggled more ferociously.

Pure agony overran every ounce of his mind.

He felt his consciousness dimming, dimming as if it was eroded by the many waves of information that churned away at it. It was so easy to let go.

It was almost tempting.

Why prolong his suffering when he could let himself go to the comfort of the void?

The pain only grew.

The suffering only grew.

Species upon species.

World after world.

Thousands of them, one after the other.

It was torture.

So easy to let go.

At that moment, he came closer to letting go than he ever had.

FLASH

His eyes widened as his awareness caught sight of an anomaly within the oceans of information his mind furiously processed.

Something that called out to him.

FLASH

"This…" A quivering whisper escaped him as recognition dawned on him.

It was a pattern.

Not just one pattern.

FLASH FLASH FLASH

Many patterns.

As the Elder Tree kept pouring enormous tsunamis of information into the depths of his mind, even as it overwhelmed him, he began spotting pattern after pattern. The environments that were most optimal for scaled creatures universally had extreme temperatures.

The environments that were most optimal for particularly larger creatures tended to have a lower temperature.

Creatures with exoskeletons tended to be best suited to environments with particularly high external pressure. Creatures with internal skeletons tended to be able to have environments with greater gravitational fields.

Size, anatomy, density and mass distribution, diet, physiology, nature of each organ system, biochemistry. Species with similar values in some of these variables each had optimal environments that shared an element of commonality. There were definitive correlations that could be drawn between these variables and their corresponding environment. Rêađ lat𝒆st ch𝒂/p/ters on n𝒐/v/𝒆/l(b)i𝒏(.)c/𝒐/m

He hadn't noticed it initially, processing them one by one, but when he organized and laid them within his Mind Palace, the patterns became increasingly clear!

For just a moment, the pain disappeared.

The agony abated.

The suffering halted.

They were drowned out.

Drowned out by the sheer magnitude of the epiphany that struck Rui. A revelation that thundered within his mind, drowning out even the enormous ocean of information that converged on him.

A single whisper escaped him.

"These are the patterns of life itself."

Because all life in the world fundamentally emerged from a single common ancestor, patterns spread across it. The last unifying common ancestor, a mere single-celled lifeform, gave birth to several descendants, which in turn reproduced into several more descendants that eventually diverged off into all known life in the entire world, forming branches after branches of new life that all stemmed from a common root.

It was like a tree.

A Tree of Life that encompassed all life in Gaia.

-



Chapter 1955  Pain and Pleasure



It was never his intention.

When he took to calling his domain system the Yggdrasil System, this had never been his intention.

Yet, it magically clicked.

The more data he received from the Elder Tree, the more he could see patterns that stretched throughout the tree of life itself. These patterns bound the Tree of Life together within a single tree. They were the tree. Without these patterns, the Tree of Life would crumble.

The depths of his eyes stirred.

The endless void that resided within them stirred, surging forth.

Where there were patterns, there could be pattern recognition.

A predictive model across all life in the world.

Yet, this predictive model would not predict their movements like his other predictive models.

No, this predictive model would predict which environment was the most optimal for a given beast or monster. And from the most optimal environment, the most antithetical environment could also be derived.

On top of that, this predictive model could be applied to all life, even beyond the Elder Tree's knowledge. "This is it…" A whisper escaped him as his pupils dilated. "This is the power I sought. The power to adaptively evolve to all life anywhere in the world."

The ecstasy of his epiphany and the agony of this knowledge converged in his mind, becoming one.

"AAAAARGRHHHHAHAHAAGARAHAHAHAGAGHRAGAHRARAHA!!!" A guttural scream of agony merged with ecstatic laughter, forming an unholy union.

"MORE!" He bellowed at the Elder Tree. "GIVE ME MORE!!!"

A maniacally wide grin appeared on his face as the Elder Tree obliged with his request, giving him even more information.

"AAAAARFGRHRGHRGRHRHRGHRBRGRHR!!!" At that moment, nobody could be certain of Rui's sanity. Of course, he had never been the most…normal. However, even Kane had to admit that he was reaching new levels of madness. Pain became pleasure.

The more pain he experienced, the deeper his epiphany rang.

He didn't have the mental capacity to simultaneously create a predictive model while processing the enormous flood of information. Yet, a newfound drive rose within him that allowed him to weather the painful influx of information.

A predictive model across all life. The Tree of Life.

How could he die before he completed it? Ne/w novel chapt𝒆rs are p/u/blished on no/vel(/bin(.)c/o/m

How could he become a vegetable before he completed it?

How could he lose his mind before he completed it?

He couldn't.

The desire to construct the Tree of Life predictive model for the Yggdrasil System burned in the depths of his heart, reaching unprecedented levels of drive.

Even at that moment, an unfathomable agony burned deep within the depths of his mind.

Yet, he smiled.

A powerful torrent of information deeper than anything he had experienced before eroded away at who he was.

Yet, he smiled. Even in the face of fates far worse than death, he smiled.

The more pain he felt, the closer he got to elevating the Yggdrasil System to a place worth its name, worthy of the Tree of Life.

He had yet to endeavor down this venture, for he was too busy actually processing the excruciatingly painful torrent of information that flooded his mind. However, a vision of the future thundered his head.

The future of the Yggdrasil System.

A future that he was driven to reach from the depths of his soul.

An endless ocean of beasts and monsters stretched out as far as the eye could see.

They faced him, surging forth.

Yet the Tree of Life bloomed, supplying Rui with the answer. It showed him the truth.

The truth about how to adaptively evolve the world antithetically to each and every single one of the beasts and monsters that sought to defeat him.

In just a moment, he felled all the beasts and monsters with powerful domains that encompassed each and every single one of them, killing them on the spot.

This was the future that he was working towards.

It was superior to what he had previously planned.

Simply relying on the Elder Tree's knowledge as a database was not optimal.

The Elder Tree was indeed familiar with most species in the Beast Domain. However, that did not mean he was familiar with all of them. It was impossible to be familiar with all life.

That was why Rui sought to create a predictive model out of the database that the Elder Tree had bequeathed to him. By extracting the patterns of life, he could construct a predictive model for all life, the Tree of Life, which bound all life with patterns.

Just the very thought of it excited him. All he needed to do was let the VOID algorithm swallow up all the information that the Elder Tree gave him, process it, and it would output the Tree of Life predictive model from the pattern recognition system.

From the depths of the void would bloom the Tree of Life.

It was poetic.

And it was precisely this poetry that he was chasing.

His desire to manifest that poetry inflamed his Martial Drive to unprecedented levels.

At that moment, he was more driven than he had ever been in his entire life.

"AAAARGHHRGRJAHAHAHAGAAHARAHAGRHAHAGRRGAGRG!!!" A horrifying fusion of ecstasy and agony echoed through the Garden of Salvation.

The first session lasted six hours, although it felt like an eternity to Rui. The Elder Tree, thanks to the medical knowledge he inherited from the Divine Doctor, was able to detect the signs of physiological stress and strain reaching dangerous levels and promptly put an end to the first session.

"Zzzz…." Never before had a man fallen asleep as quickly as Rui did the moment the Elder Tree put an end to the first session of knowledge inheritance, instantly falling into a deep sleep as his brain indulged in some desperately needed rest. The Elder Tree simply stared at Rui in wonder. Not even in its wildest dreams had it expected that a mere Martial Senior would have been able to survive an information influx so powerful that any other Martial Senior would have long been turned into a vegetable!

What an unfathomable affinity for thought. The Elder Tree realized. Should he ever break through to the Master Realm…

For all its centuries of experience with life, it was unable to fathom the endless potential within Rui.

-



Chapter 1956 New Normality

Kane heaved a sigh, trying to relax.

Unfortunately, he was hoping for too much.

"AAAARGHHRGRJAHAHAHAGAAHARAHAGRHAHAGRRGAGRG!!!"

His eyebrows furrowed with irritation as Rui's scream-laugh fusions disturbed the serenity and harmony of the Garden of Salvation.

It had been a few months since the Elder Tree had transmitted all his knowledge on life in Gaia to Rui. In totality, the two of them had been in the Garden of Salvation for nine months now.

Only a year remained till the Emperor of Harmony died.

"ARRRGHAGAGHHRGRJAHAHAHAGAAHARAHAGRRGHAGGRRGAGRG!!!"

Kane could not help but wonder if they were doomed from the very start.

They might have had a chance if Rui didn't have a fatal flaw with being extraordinarily driven towards adaptive evolution, even if it came at the cost of healing his father. Yet, because Rui had gotten seduced by the Elder Tree, Kane had to wait until the two of them were done with their little mind orgy.

"Tough life…" Kane remarked as he relaxed in an identical replica of his living quarters in the Kandrian Empire.

"AAAARGHHRGRJAHAHAHAGAAHARAHAGRHAHAGRRGAGRG!!!"

Of course, Kane didn't strictly mind it if Rui's dad died.

After all, it wasn't like it was his dad, though he wouldn't mind his own asshole of a father dying either. He also knew that Rui didn't have much, if any at all, of an emotional attachment to his father. The biggest reason he was searching for the Divine Doctor was that he didn't want to ascend to the throne as the Third Emperor of the Kandrian Empire.

"AAAARGHHRAAAAHGRJAHAHAHAGAAHARAHAGRHAHAGRRGAGRG!!!"

Even though Kane didn't mind Rui's dad dying, he didn't want to see Rui become Emperor because it would become impossible to hang out with his best friend and the source of his Martial Drive.

He also knew that it wasn't what Rui wanted.

"Ah, well." He shrugged. "It is what it is."

"AAAARGHHRGRJAHAHAHAGAAHARAHAGRHAHAGRRGAGRG!!!"

While Rui spent the last three months discovering that he was a masochist, Kane had taken some time to work on his Martial Art. He strengthened his fundamentals and foundations more than anything since these were much more important than techniques in the Beast Domain.

He had been working on improving his passive reaction time and awareness, trying to use his affinity for lightning to see if he could upgrade the Primordial Instinct. His goal was to try and use the lightning that he upgraded Godspeed with to form Fulminata, to heighten his awareness and instincts by constantly stimulating them to the very maximum.

"AAAARGHHRGRJAHAHAHAGAAHARAHAGRHAHAGRRGAGRG!!!"

Thankfully, his efforts had yielded success. He had reached an extraordinary level of alertness and awareness through this method, and it worked extremely well. He had managed to extensively test his new technique with the help of the Elder Tree, which had created domains that severely hampered his senses.

What he was especially proud of was the fact that he had taken his first step in forming a nascent system of thought.

Currently, he possessed two 'modes' of fighting, if one could call it that. One where he relied more on stealth and deception and another where he relied more on speed, agility, and, more importantly, evasive maneuvering.

These were, to some extent, mutually exclusive. At the very least, he could not use Void Step and Fulminata Godspeed simultaneously, and each of those techniques was the strongest of the two modes of combat he engaged in.

One of the issues that he had was that he often had a hard time of choosing which mode to begin with against which opponent. Normally, he just went with his gut, but there were plenty of times where he made the wrong choice.

This was not an acceptable arrangement.

Especially in the Beast Domain, where the wrong choice meant death.

In fact, they would have died several times by now if not for his grandmother's prophecies.

The need to choose correctly became stronger.

His choices could no longer be driven by guesswork; they needed to be thoughtful. He came to the realization that in order to be thoughtful, he needed to have a system of thought that allowed him to evaluate his circumstances and make thoughtful choices.

Thus, nearly a year ago, in the Garden of Salvation, he had begun endeavoring to create his very first system of thought. He spent many hours thinking about how he would employ thought to make the right choice each time.

Unfortunately, he hadn't even come close to success even after a whole year of dedicated thought.

"Rui makes it look so easy." He cursed.

The way Rui created powerful and potent systems of thought had created a false illusion within Kane's mind that he could do it pretty well if he wanted to, but the sheer astronomical difficulty of creating an effective and viable system of thought was far, far more difficult than creating Martial Art techniques.

It was such unfamiliar territory for Kane that he had absolutely no idea how to even get started.

How did one begin?

How did one progress?

How in the world did one test and improve systems of thought?

His respect and admiration for Rui for creating the VOID algorithm, the Angel of Laplace, the ODA System, and the SOUL System only heightened. Only after trying to create his own system of thought did he realize how absurdly impressive the ones Rui created were.

His thoughts were interrupted when a stark silence suddenly replaced the screams.

"Done?" Kane asked out loud. VịSit no(v)3lb/!n(.)c𝒐m for new 𝒏ov𝒆l𝒔

Yes. The session for today is over.

"Is he…?"

Thus far, arguably, he has probably retained his mind and sanity.

"Arguably?" Kane narrowed his eyes. "Probably?"

I am not a mental health expert. Certainly not for Martial Artists. I am unable to comment on his mental health at the moment. What I can say is that he is responsive and conscious and has successfully processed and stored all the information I have supplied him.

Kane heaved a sigh. "Is he awake?"

He has already fallen asleep.

"Well, alright, I suppose I'll just have to catch him when he wakes up."

-



Chapter 1957  Void



Ever since he began inheriting the Elder Tree's understanding and knowledge of the biosphere of the Panama Continent, Rui's daily life had become brutally simple.

He woke up and immediately began subjecting himself to torture.

This period of his daily life was characterized by screams and maniacal laughs that merged together in the greatest audition for a horror film that Gaia had ever seen.

Once that was done, he fell asleep instantly.

It was a beautifully simple life.

It was also a brutally simple life.

Ecstasy and pain became his reality during the influx of sessions. Pain from the inheritance of knowledge and ecstasy from finding the patterns of life that would go on to become the fabric of his Tree of Life predictive model.

Yet, the moment the sessions ended, he felt empty.

He felt like there was a hole in his heart.

A void.

He felt incapable of ecstasy or pain outside of the times when he was pursuing his Martial Path by accepting the Elder Tree's database on the biosphere of Gaia. It was as though the extremely heightened pain and ecstasy he felt during the inheritance sessions came at the cost of feeling pain or ecstasy at any other moment.

In a way, the mind sort of adhered to a law of conservation of emotion.

One could only feel so much of a certain emotion or feeling.

That included pain and ecstasy.

The more one experienced it, the more the mind would adjust its sense of normality to make it the new normal.

It appeared that his mind had worked overtime in that regard.

It made the inheritance sessions more palatable, yet any time he was conscious outside of that…it was dark.

Each morning Rui woke up, he felt dead.

Detached.

Cold.

If was thought the inheritance sessions squeezed out everything he could experience, and what was left was an empty husk of a human.

His Martial drive still drove him forward.

It actually only grew stronger, yet it no longer evoked emotion from him outside of the inheritance sessions of agony and ecstasy.

It was difficult to explain.

He didn't understand.

Some mornings, Rui would stare at his own hands listlessly.

A single recurring thought would often flash through his mind.

'It would be so easy to kill myself with a Sympathetic Death Lance.'

Surely, death would not feel more empty than he currently did.

He closed his eyes. "Begin." Ne/w novel chapt𝒆rs are p/u/blished on no/vel(/bin(.)c/o/m

Kane wished to speak to you.

Rui's eyes were vacant.

Hollow.

"Begin."

…Understood.

Soon enough, the screams of agony and laughter of ecstasy began. His vacant eyes, devoid of life, finally lit up.

The Tree of Life awaited him.

At this rate, he could reach it.

Yet, at what cost?

He didn't know.

He didn't want to know.

Days, weeks, and even months passed.

An enormous amount of information had filled up his Mind Palace. Species by species and world by world, he filled up with depths of his Martial Mind.

His understanding of the biosphere of the Beast Domain rose astronomically.

So much so that it would not be an exaggeration to say that he was one of the greatest authorities on beasts and monsters of this domain, perhaps only the very greatest of scholars or someone like the Ecologer was above him, but there was no doubt that he had access to truly groundbreaking intelligence that could greatly advance humanity's interests in the Beast Domain.

He could write papers on various hypotheses and scientific theories that could go on to revolutionize ecology.

He could probably propose a holistic taxonomical framework that integrated every single species, esoteric or non-esoteric, in a single track. In fact, he could probably create an evolutionary chain of species and make educated guesses about the last unifying common ancestor of all life.

Yet, he didn't care for all of these pursuits.

No.

He only cared about what all this information could do or his Martial Art.

That was the sole reason he weathered on without losing his mind.

He suffered and suffered, persisting only for the promise of the ability to adaptively evolve to all life in the world.

The end came abruptly.

WHOOSH

His awareness returned to the world around him. He was drenched in sweat and grime. His body was restrained by the powerful roots of the Elder tree.

"Huff…Huff…" He felt life draining out of him, growing listless and detached.

His eyes grew cold.

"Why did you stop?"

The Elder Tree stopped only when his brain needed rest. Usually, that meant he fell asleep very quickly. But he felt wide awake, even if tired. It had only been a few hours since they began.

I have nothing left to transmit to you.

"…What?"

Congratulations, you have successfully inherited the entirety of my knowledge of the biosphere of the Beast Domain. I can safely say that you have not suffered any neurological damage. However…

Rui remained detached, unmoving.

…the same cannot be said for your psychological and mental health.

Rui didn't move.

A single remark escaped him.

"Oh."

The Elder Tree stared at him warily.

It was truly astonishing that Rui managed to process such an enormous database of data within just six months. The Elder Tree had not been kidding when he said that he was not confident that Rui would manage to come away with his mind intact. So much so that he had Rui pass on his priceless knowledge from another world before it was lost forever.

Yet, even the Elder Tree had to admit that it had to eat its words.

Rui processed every single iota of data it threw at him for six months straight.

"Good."

Rui's voice was detached. Before he could even think–

STEP

Kane appeared before him, finally getting a good look at him awake for the first time in months. Rui had avoided speaking to him when he woke up for months on end, choosing to jump into the inheritance session immediately.

He had raced when the Elder Tree informed him of the conclusion of the inheritance, looking forward to finally speaking to his friend after a long time.

Yet, what he saw only drew horror from deep within his heart.

There he sat.

Without a shred of emotion in his eyes. An endless void stirred deep within their depths.

"…Rui?"

-



Chapter 1958  Contrast

1958  Contrast

"…Kane." Rui's voice was detached.

Devoid of any emotion.

It was as though he simply uttered the word instead of greeting a friend.

Raw terror erupted from within his soul.

Kane's face grew horrified at what he saw. Gone were the eyes lit with enthusiasm, excitement, and ecstasy. Where once would have been unyielding joy at having finally inherited priceless knowledge that would have revolutionized his Flowing Void Style against the Beast Domain, was…emptiness. It was like he was looking at a corpse.

The Rui that Kane knew would have been beaming with energy, eager to test out his new power against various beasts and monsters.

Yet the man sitting before him was different.

He was detached.

His eyes were cold, devoid of the warmth that once was there.

"Why do you look at me like that?"

His tone was chilling.

It startled Kane.

Yet there was an ounce of sincerity, cold as it was. Th.ê most uptod/at𝓮 n𝒐vels a/re published on n(0)velbj)n(.)c/o/m

It was as though he couldn't see why Kane would react the way he would.

Kane stared at him, his expression growing grave.

"…How do you feel?"

His eyes sharpened to slits as a smile appeared on his face.

A cold smile.

"I feel incredible."

In any other circumstance, Kane would have heaved a sigh of relief, cracked a few jokes, and moved on.

Yet he couldn't move.

He was frozen.

Frozen in horror.

"You seem unwell." The edge in Rui's voice cut at Kane, making him wince.

Yet Rui didn't seem to notice, staring at Kane.

His eyes were reduced to sharpened slits.

They were dark.

"Perhaps you should get yourself checked out by the Elder Tree."

Kane stared at him with uncertainty and apprehension.

"I'm sure it'd be willing to conduct full medical examinations for free."

A hint of fear flickered in Kane's eyes.

"I don't mind trading a few extra favors if it wasn't willing to."

Kane felt his nerves tingle.

"Anything for a friend, right?" His words were nice.

Yet, his voice and tone were chilling.

It was almost as if he was threatening Kane. Being friends with Rui had always been a crazy experience, yet Rui had never made Kane feel unsafe before.

STEP

Kane winced as Rui stood up, walking over to him slowly.

CLASP

Rui stared into his eyes, grasping his shoulder.

"Kane." His eyes were reduced to sharp slits.

"Are you ok?"

The contrast between his words on paper and his demeanor and body language was almost dizzying.

Kane didn't know what to pay attention to.

He didn't know what was happening.

"Are you ok?" Kane furrowed his eyebrows with uncertainty. Rui stared at him. "I told you, I feel great. I just finished inheriting the Elder Tree's knowledge of the biosphere of the Beast Domain. And now…"

The smile that crept up on his face was soft.

Yet, it sent chills across Kane's skin.

STEP

He walked past Kane.

"…now I shall manifest the Tree of Life within the depths of my mind."

Kane turned, watching the retreating figure of his friend with horror. 'What happened to him?!' Kane barked at the Elder Tree mentally.

I am not an expert on psychology. However, if I had to make an educated guess, I think his subconscious mind, in response to extreme emotion triggered by extreme stimuli, has astronomically elevated the threshold for triggering both negative and positive neurotransmitters.

'I legitimately have no idea what that means.'

…It takes far more for him to experience agony, ecstasy, and other emotions closely related to both of them.

'…He's basically a different person!'

I warned him. I warned him that he could suffer tremendous mental damage. But unfortunately, he was adamant about pursuing this course of action, as you know.

"Damn." Kane cursed out loud. "That's crazy!"

Kane had also heard the Elder Tree's warnings and Rui's stubbornness, so he knew that the Elder Tree was not lying whatsoever. Both of them had tried to convince him not to do it, but Rui's determination had never once wavered.

Now, Kane wondered if respecting his wishes had been the best course of action.

To say that Rui had undergone a shocking change was an understatement.

His demeanor had altered at its very root, becoming dispassionate and detached.

Cold. The only time he smiled was…

Kane narrowed his eyes. "What was the Tree of Life thing he mentioned?"

He planned to condense all the information that he had inherited from me into a predictive model that could predict, based on their given traits, what environment was optimally antithetical to any monster or beast. He called it the Tree of Life.

Kane's eyebrows rose. "He must have planned to upgrade the Yggdrasil System with a new system of thought. No wonder. He must have been excited for that. But…"

Ordinarily, Rui would have been extremely boisterous and energetic in his enthusiasm for upgrading his Martial Art.

Yet, this time, he barely smiled.

It might be a temporary shock. He was enthusiastic about seeing his project to the very end.

"No…" Kane grew grave. "You don't get it. His Martial Art and Path are what brings him the most joy, fulfillment, and purpose in this world. More than anything else. The fact that even they could barely make him crack a smile…"

That was what terrified Kane.

How horrific was the suffering of the accelerated inheritance such that it desensitized him to the point where even the drive that persisted past death and across worlds struggled to move him?

Yet, he didn't strike Kane as though his drive was weaker.

If anything, being desensitized to the point where nothing else could possibly move him simply meant that his Martial Drive and Martial Path would take an even greater primacy over his life.

Kane shivered at the consequences of such a thing coming to pass, immersing himself in thought for quite a long time.

Rui was crazy enough in his decision-making even when he was sensitive to the consequences before.

What would happen if he became entirely desensitized to the consequences?

RUMBLE!

The Garden of Salvation shook, startling Kane out of his reverie.

"What the hell…?"





Chapter 1959 She Was Wrong

"…now I shall manifest the Tree of Life within the depths of my mind."

Rui walked past Kane with a chilling smile on his face. The promised time had finally arrived. The prospect of finally fulfilling the desire that kept him going was one of the few things that brought life back to his eyes.

He left his quarters, taking high up to the skies as he indulged in the fresh air of the Garden of Salvation.

For a moment, he beheld the biosphere within the Garden of Salvation.

A seemingly endless ocean of life that spread a great stretch beyond what the eye could see.

Within the depths of his mind, he accessed the Garden of Salvation that had firmly become a part of his Mind Palace, wringing out all the relevant patterns from the vast ocean of data that lay deep within his mind.

Attribute by attribute.

Trait by trait.

Species by species.

And the environments that correlated with them.

What followed truly brought thrill to an otherwise dead man.

His eyes lit up with wonder as he began constructing the Tree of Life predictive model—a tapestry to be woven from the countless patterns. He had already begun weaving what was bound to be the largest predictive model he had ever created in his entire life.

No Martial Artist that he had ever seen could compare to the sheer depth of patterns of all life.

He closed his eyes as he wove them.

Thread by thread.

Pattern by pattern.

Ordinarily, forming a predictive model from pre-existing data was an easy and brief process. It used to take some time when he was in a fight because he created predictive models because he needed to gather all the data to draw patterns. When the Angel of Laplace came into the picture, that time was cut extremely short because it would supply him with all the data he needed.

Yet, despite having all the data he needed, it still took time.

Yet, even as it did, the Tree of Life slowly came to be.

With each passing moment, the Tree of Life grew.

With each passing moment, it grew more real.

The essence of the data of billions of species that Rui had inherited from Elder Tree went into its creation. Worthy of a predictive model named after the mythical Yggdrasil, said to encompass all life.

Rui narrowed his eyes as he revved up his effort, exerting the net entirety of his mind, reaching a dimension of cognition that no Martial Senior could even begin to dream of. In the past year, his mind had grown more powerful under tremendous stress and strain. The sheer power of thought he had accomplished had spiked so far above his peers that it was difficult to consider him to be in the same Realm.

His mind had risen to be an aberrant among aberrants.

Now, he exerted the sum totality of his effort, reaching a state of absolute focus and concentration as he wove together a titanic Tree of Life in his Mind Palace.

It helped that in the past year, he had increasingly spent more time in a hyper-focused state. Entering a state of absolute focus became easier and easier; it became second nature.

It needed to.

He spent the entirety of his waking day inheriting the database of the Elder Tree. This was a task that, if he gave anything less than his absolute best, he would fail and suffer tremendous consequences.

And that allowed him to construct the Tree of Life at an astonishing pace.

And soon enough, the decisive moment came.

RUMBLE

The final thread locked into place as the tapestry of the Tree of Life came to life.

It changed everything.

In his mind, an unfathomable depth of understanding of the very fabric of life consumed him. A deep comprehension of the profound relationship between life and heaven and earth sunk into his mind. An otherworldly awareness permeated the sum totality of his existence.

Enlightenment.

Yet, it didn't change him.

No.

It changed the world.

He opened his eyes, beholding the Garden of Salvation.

It was a sight that had become banal and mundane after a year of exposure.

Yet, it wasn't.

It was as though he was now able to see a dimension of the universe that had remained hidden from him his entire life.

"Ah…" A serene whisper escaped Rui. "This…"

This was the Tree of Life.

With every living being he beheld, he was able to see something that wasn't there.

A parallel world around each of them.

Worlds that were most antithetical to each of them.

One that most adaptively evolved against their existence.

He could see exactly what kind of domain would be most antithetical to them, what domain he ought to conjure to adaptively evolve the very root of the world against them. It was as though the very fabric of fundamental reality, the very ontology of the world, had changed such that each being was accompanied by an invisible antithetical parallel world that followed them everywhere they went.

Worlds that he alone was able to see.

Worlds he didn't make an effort to see.

He wasn't exerting himself in the slightest.

Yet, he was able to see nonetheless. His latest and most powerful predictive model had comfortably planted itself in the depths of his mind, spreading its branches and roots across the entirety of his conscious mind and beyond.

Perhaps that was why he was able to see a world antithetical to each and every single living being in his field of sensing.

It was passive.

Certainly not conscious.

It had integrated into his awareness.

Could it even be considered a system of thought?

He didn't know.

A distant memory resurfaced from many years ago.

"You can never know," Master Reina had told him a long time ago. "You can never know when your Martial Mind is complete. No one can."

Yet when he closed his eyes, a single instinct erupted from deep within the depths of his soul.

A single whisper escaped him.

"She was wrong."

At that moment, his mind, heart, soul, and every cell in his body…the sum totality of his being became certain of a single truth.

He had arrived at the cusp of the Master Realm.

-Thê sourc𝗲 of this conte/nt n/o/v/(𝒆l)bi((n))



Chapter 1960  Inadvertent Exertion

1960  Inadvertent Exertion

He basked in the otherworldly glory as he beheld innumerable worlds centered around each lifeform. BADUMP!

His Martial Heart blazed into glory as it enhanced his brain and senses, allowing him to see further.

To see more.

It helped.

The invisible antithetical worlds that overlapped the real world, revolving around their targets, grew more real.

They grew more fleshed out.

Although he knew they were mere figments within the depths of his mind, it was difficult to truly believe that.

They were so real.

So real that he could almost believe it.

And he did.

It became so indistinguishable from actual reality that his subconscious mind was unable to distinguish it.

That triggered a sequence of events that Rui would have foreseen if not for being consumed by the Tree of Life.

Suddenly, his body language and demeanor changed.

His aura and vibe changed.

His non-verbal communication was fundamentally altered.

The light of his Heart had spread far and wide, drawing the attention of every single lifeform.

For a moment, every single creature in the Garden of Salvation glanced in his direction.

They fell prey to his non-verbal communication, distracted by the light of his Heart. Unbeknownst to him, he had cast a hypnosis.

A hypnosis that showed them what he saw.

A hypnosis that convinced them of what he saw.

A hypnosis of Hell itself.

Aquatic creatures suddenly experienced all the water around them drying up. In their minds, all water ceased to exist as the Sun grew brighter and hotter, creating an inferno that consumed them alive. The air pressure decreased, causing the internal pressure they had evolved to have for the deep pressures deep underwater to work against them, causing their own blood and flesh to become their worst enemy, blasting out of their flesh violently.

Various animals experienced Hell, which was most antithetical to them. Phoenixes experienced a frosty, cold world with an atmosphere that was chemically antithetical to combustion itself. It was a world that was designed to snuff their very existence as birds of flames. Th.ê most uptod/at𝓮 n𝒐vels a/re published on n(0)velbj)n(.)c/o/m

Dragons roared in despair and misery as they experienced a world that rendered their mighty scales useless. The very air they breathed corroded them from the inside out, perfectly bypassing their external durability. Additionally, the drag coefficient of this world was extraordinarily low, rendering them unable to fly. In addition, the humidity of the air had reached an extraordinarily high level, leaving them unable to use their flame breath.

It was as though the very world around them came to hate their very existence.

Each creature was hypnotized to experience a world antithetical to each of them. Each world was as unique as each creature was. It left them drowning in pain, suffering, and agony.

No matter their power. No matter their size. No matter what species they were.

Every Apprentice-level, Squire-level, Senior-level, and Master-level Master-level creature and every creature in between experienced the hell that Rui delivered unto them.

RUMBLE!

The world shook with countless roars, wails, and screeches of agony.

It was a horrifying sight.

No sane man would derive pleasure from it.

"Adaptive Evolution…" A soft smile emerged on Rui's face. "So much Adaptive Evolution."

In the face of all the horror that he had unleashed, Rui found himself experiencing but a single emotion.

Ecstasy.

A pure, innocent joy. The joy of someone who truly loved his Martial Art with all his heart.

Yet, it lasted only the briefest of moments.

An unfathomable power washed over the entirety of the Garden of Salvation. The Elder Tree mobilized its titanic power in time, effortlessly dispelling the hypnosis that Rui inadvertently had inflicted on the entirety of the Garden of Salvation.

It was not pleased.

I believe I told you not to infringe on the senses of the creatures of the Garden of Salvation. Why did you spread so much despair and misery?

"…Ah," Rui murmured softly. He turned to the Elder Tree in the distance with detached eyes.

Eyes devoid of life.

"You have my apologies."

His tone was stoic.

Detached, even if it contained a spark of sincerity.

"It was not my intention." A whisper escaped him. It was the truth.

That was what terrified the Elder Tree so much. It was the reason that it had reacted so late. It normally paid attention to the conscious intention of Martial Artists to stop them from hurting creatures of the Garden of Salvation.

Yet, this time, it had reacted late because Rui truly didn't intend to hurt them. He had inadvertently cast an unintentional hypnosis that tormented all life in the Garden of Salvation.

What had shaken the tree was supposed to be reserved exclusively for Martial Masters. The Elder Tree did not understand how a mere Martial Senior had managed to reach a high level of thought without the Martial Mind.

Rui stared at his hands. "Reality is…hazy."

He turned back to the world around him.

There was the real material world.

Yet overlapped over it were countless antithetical parallel worlds, each maximally adaptively evolved against one particular living being.

"Reality is…" A murmur escaped him. "…Adaptive Evolution?"

It was an absurd statement.

Yet, he felt like he had stumbled into a truly profound insight. "Rui!" Kane finally reached him. "What were you doing?"

Rui's eyes slowly turned towards him.

When he looked at Kane, he saw the Speed Void domain. As expected, it was most optimally antithetical to Kane, one that he would find almost impossible to overcome. He glanced back at the Elder Tree, looking for what world was most antithetical to it according to the Tree of Life.

His eyes lit up with interest at the answer.

Outer space.

A place where there was neither heaven nor earth would be unable to create domains and would be deeply deprived of all the substances that it needed to sustain its massive existence.

"Interesting." His tone was empty.

"…Rui?" Kane tilted his head. His dark eyes turned towards Kane slowly. "…It's nothing," he remarked, closing his eyes. "I just made a mistake when I successfully completed the Tree of Life. Our business in the Garden of Salvation has concluded."

-

Comment





