Chapter 2100  Support



One of the reasons that all eleven members of the Sage Council had chosen to heed Emperor Rael's call was because they knew that he was not a man who would waste their time.

And they were right.

Considering everything that he had shared with them, nothing they would be doing otherwise could compare to the importance of this meeting.

"Why are you showing this to us?"

Emperor Rael directed his gaze toward the Flashing Flier.

"While we have a large stake in the nation, you are the Emperor," Sage Dagar Roschem continued. "In addition, you own these treasures. Why go out of your way to reveal your cards? We may be friends as people, but our positions of power put us on opposite sides of the leading powers of Kandria."

Emperor Rael smiled inwardly.

He had been waiting for this question, having guided them to it.

"…I own these treasures, you say?" Emperor Rael shook his head. "That is not true. My son has given me only a third of the ownership over the dungeon. He decided that he would give a third of the ownership over the dungeon to the Martial Union while retaining a third of it for himself."

Their eyes lit up at those words.

"…You see, while he has earned acquittal from the little duel and wager that the Master Council came to agree upon, he ultimately decided to make up for his deceit to all of you. This is his repayment. Partial ownership over a priceless training tool of unprecedented value."

The Sage Council grew stunned at Emperor Rael's words. Even Sage Lemolen's sharp gaze softened a bit. "…Hmph, he's still an impertinent brat."

"Speak for yourself," Sage Vintar threw a disapproving glance at Sage Lemolen. "I, for one, will gratefully accept a stake in this treasure and forgive the young man for his discretions against the Martial Union. I will admit that I was deeply displeased when I came to learn of it, even if I decided to leave it be and let the Master Council deliberate over it."

Many of the others had felt similarly.

They certainly had the power to punish the Void Prince and make him pay if they truly wanted. However, in consideration of their extremely good impression of him and his existing and future value to the Martial Union, they ultimately decided to stifle their resentment. n/ô/vel/b//jn dot c//om

Now, however, they had an even better impression of him.

Not only did he not use his position as a member of the Royal Family to shield him from them, but he actually went above and beyond to repay everything they had done for him during the Kandrian Throne War and more.

In fact, partial authority over the dungeon was an asset that far exceeded everything they had ever done for him. So in reality, they were actually indebted to him.

"Hah." the Sloth Sage heaved a sigh of relief. "This is a good development."

He had come under the most pressure from his peers due to covering up Rui's deceit. The same was true for Matriarch Nephi. This had not been good for her because, unlike Sage Sevian, she hadn't built a deep rapport or friendship with her peers due to the limited amount of time that she had spent in Kandria.

"As expected of my grandson." She beamed with pride.

"When can we begin using these?" Sage Glacken's eyes twinkled with greed. "I am eager to use the dungeon. However, I am especially eager to make use of the Elder Tree network to find particular precious resources in the Beast Domain that cannot be found otherwise. Naturally, I will impart a fair portion of gains to the Empire."

"I wish to procure the Divine Doctor's services," the Flashing Flier remarked. "No price is objectionable."

"The dungeon sounds like a dream to me," Sage Sevian remarked lazily. "I take forever to finish training."

"We can iron out the details. However, rest assured that I do not intend to extract a great price," Emperor Rael reassured them. "As I mentioned, I intend to use these resources to elevate Kandria far above all others. That necessarily means using them to empower our greatest combat assets: Martial Sages. Unfortunately, barring the Divine Doctor, none of the other assets are ready at the moment, although they will be within a year. I intend to chalk out a long-term strategy for their application, one that I hope you will aid me with."

The Flickering Elder nodded solemnly. "We will leave the strategizing and decision-making process to you, Rael. In fact, it would be disastrous to trust a matter of such unparalleled importance to anybody but you or your son, I suppose."

"…My son has decided to stay away from the politics of this matter." Emperor Rael shook his head. "He is rather adamant about only partaking in it in so far as Martial Artists normally do."

"A pity and a relief," the Mountain of Fortitude shook his head. "He has inherited your genius for politics but has been blessed with an even greater capacity to pursue his Martial Path. I previously was pleased about a Martial Artist ascending the throne, but after seeing him break through to the Master Realm at the meager age of thirty-five, I realized that it would have been a blunder to waste his unfathomable potential by shackling it to the throne."

Emperor Rael smiled, glad to see the Sage council hold a positive outlook towards Rui.

"Then, to affirm, I have your absolute support in the ambition that I espoused, correct?" Emperor Rael's tone grew more heavy.

The Sage Council gazed at him deeply for a moment.

Their decision was unanimous.

"Give me a war, and I'll give you all the support you need." Sage Damian grinned with bloodlust.

Emperor Rael heaved a sigh of exasperation and amusement. "Alright then. Prepare yourselves. All of you are deeply important to the outcome of this reach for the skies. Kandria will experience much turbulence in the future, but together, we can overcome it."

-



Chapter 2101  Chinks In The Armor



Now that he had secured the cooperation of the Martial Union, Emperor Rael was a lot more confident about his plan. It would have been extremely difficult to go through with it if the Martial Union did not support him. Thankfully, he had managed to reel them over to his side.

The treasures that his son had brought home were so precious that even Martial Sages were willing to wage war to defend them.

However, they alone were far from enough. It would be up to him to protect the Kandrian Empire with an extraordinarily effective political and military strategy.

FLAP

He read through intelligence reports on the military and Martial developments of the other three powerhouses of East Panama. There was much to be covered.

Understanding the changes in the military profile of the three powerhouses was extremely important and was going to be central to his plan. He had had his Bureau of Intelligence produce a meta-analysis of their recent developments and their current net military power, as well as model the most probabilistic future militaristic and Martial developments.

Then, he would create many of long-term strategies designed for each plausible scenario as far as plausible outcomes went.

He was a man who planned for everything.

Such was the Emperor of Harmony.

"…The Republic of Gorteau has invested more in its long-range siege weapons," he narrowed his eyes.

Of the four powerhouses of East Panama, the Republic of Gorteau had the highest amount of weapons of mass destruction and the least number of Martial Artists of the Upper Realms. Technologically, they were a cut above the rest of their peers, while they lagged behind Martially.

Emperor Rael found this to be the most troubling.

Weapons of mass destruction against Martial Sages was something that had never been tested all too often in the field.

After all, Sage-level powerhouses did not wage war with each other lightly or frequently, the large variance in the number of times it had happened also made the comparison tricky and difficult.

In other words, Emperor Rael lacked the empirical data to statistically evaluate the outcomes of this particular paradigm too well.

This was troubling.

His considerations needed to be precise.

The lower the resolution of his strategy, the greater the probability that something would go wrong.

Of course, conventional wisdom in military and Martial circles had long come to the consensus that while each a singular siege weapon of mass destruction possessed net energy output similar to that of a Martial Sage, the latter was vast astronomically and exponentially superior in every regard.

Thus, only a large number of destructive siege weapons could push back a Martial Sage.

Yet, in all of recorded history, not once had they taken down a Martial Sage, while Martial Sages had most certainly eradicated entire arrays of siege weapons. That was perhaps the greatest relief of Emperor Rael.

In the past four years, President Raymond of the National Libertarian Party, in conjugation with Congress, had increased the amount of defense spendings on destructive siege weapons while the former riled up the Gorteau voter base about the so-called oppressive tyrant that Emperor Rael was. n/o/vel/b//in dot c//om

His eyes shifted, returning to the statement that President Raymond had released shortly after Emperor Rael recovered.

[The Republic of Gorteau condemns Emperor Rael for his fascist regime. In the past three centuries, the Kandrian Empire has suffered at the hands of a power-hungry madman. His unfortunate recovery is a threat to democracy…] It had taken Emperor Rael one look to see through the man.

He had fancied Kandria as the weakest of the four after Emperor Rael's decline, causing him to rile a massive war to please the military and Martial industrial complex in Gorteau. And now that Emperor Rael had returned, he had no choice but to go through with his plan even if he was inwardly dreading it.

"A greedy, glory-hungering, power-mongering fool who thought he was dealing with an easy target."

Emperor Rael's evaluation was remarkably accurate.

The system of the Republic of Gorteau was such that any elected leader was necessarily inexperienced. Of the four states, they had the weakest leadership. Each president could only serve three terms, after all. By the time they gathered enough experience to remedy their shortcomings, it was already time for them to leave. It was why the Republic of Gorteau was the slowest and clumsiest of the four powerhouses. Another weakness of the state was its deep internal divisions and elaborate systems of checks and balances.

There was no unilateral decision-making without constraints, consequences, and oversight, including that of the president himself, who could be impeached or even criminally prosecuted.

Emperor Rael recognized the many merits of such a system for its citizens; after all, it meant that leaders were at least a little accountable and not authoritarian. However, it also meant that during times of war, the nation was sluggish compared to the Kandrian Empire, the Britannian Empire and, to a lesser extent, the Sekigahara Confederate.

Of course, Rael intended to use that against them.

Checks and balances were a weakness in war.

They could be turned into shackles and stakes if they were compromised, corrupted, extorted, or blackmailed. In addition, no set of laws were ever absolutely invulnerable and had their own legal chinks. Those chinks didn't mean much in the other three powerhouses, but in the Republic of Gorteau, they could completely paralyze the government.

His eyes fell on another profile in the analytical report he had received.

[Democratic Socialist Party]

It was the second part of the bi-party system of the Republic of Gorteau, the opposition to the current government and administration in power, and would be competing against the National Libertarian Party in a year's time in the general and presidential elections of the Republic of Gorteau.

A smile cracked at the edge of his mouth. "Contact my chief of staff."

He had found a good opening through which he could incapacitate the power of the Republic of Gorteau, among others. KNOCK KNOCK

Emperor Rael's eyes shifted to the person who had entered his office.

His eyes widened as he saw his son, of all people, standing in his office.

"Hey, Dad," Rui smiled eerily, waving at him as he closed the door behind him.

-



Chapter 2102  Offer



Emperor Rael's eyes narrowed, growing cold and icy.

He stared at Rui with a sharp gaze.

"You may have been able to fool everyone else," Emperor Rael's tone grew heavy.

The air boiled with peril as his powerful gaze pinned Rui in his place.

"But you cannot fool me."

"Hehe…" Rui chuckled. "Just as I figured, you're even more entertaining than I had expected."

Rui's form shifted, revealing his true identity.

"You might just be more fun than Rui himself, at the moment," Master Reina smirked mischievously.

Emperor Rael gazed at her with a steely expression. "I could have you executed for trespassing on Royal grounds, at this very moment."

"I could kill you before you do it," Master Reina shrugged nonchalantly. "Aren't you afraid of being in my presence without many Martial Masters or Martial Sage? You're not in a position to be threatening me, you know~"

Had most Martial Masters threatened one of the most powerful men in all of human civilization, they would be quaking in their boots. Yet, she looked amused and even excited at the consequences of her insane words.

Yet, they did not so much as stir the Emperor of Harmony.

He gazed at her impassively, unimpressed.

The moment she even mentally decided to try and kill him, the invisible Sage Sayfeel behind him would snuff her life with the slightest exertion.

Naturally, she was not aware of his presence or even existence, nor did Rael intend to expose him to elucidate how delusional her threat was.

For a moment, he was at an impasse in regards to what to do about the odd woman before him.

"Silent Shadow." His rich voice beckoned her. "Tell me…" n/o/vel/b//in dot c//om

His deep voice grew stronger.

"Why are you here?"

She stared at him, heaving a sigh. "I am bored."

Emperor Rael directed a deep gaze at her.

"Rui has just entered another one of his long training sessions in isolated training," she remarked lethargically. "Knowing him, he's going to be in there for the next few years. He abandoned his poor Master without any source of entertainment after using her for three years. Oh, the woe."

She expressed exaggerated grief.

Emperor Rael simply stared at her silently.

"Since he left me all alone and lonely." Mischief lit up in her eyes. "He shouldn't blame me if I do everything I can to find new entertainment. In a world of bland, empty, and meaningless masses of humans, finding entertaining and amusing sources of fun is a tough thing, y'know?"

It didn't take more than a minute for Emperor Rael to precisely and accurately gain a good understanding of her personality and temperament.

He didn't like what he saw.

He detected traces of psychopathy deep within her, beneath her exterior colorful emotional expression.

This woman was dangerous.

He could already tell that his son was not as cautious and wary towards her as he ought to be. Perhaps it was because he had developed an emotional attachment to her due to being trained and guided by her in the field of assassinations, which had helped him to take down Chairman Deacon.

He needed to handle this delicately.

"You seek entertainment, do you?"

Emperor Rael closed his eyes. "I just returned from a coma recently; what makes you think I could be a source of entertainment for you?"

"Hah," Master Reina scoffed. "Please. Only a blind man would fail to see what broiling in East Panama. I have no doubt that if I remain by your side, I will find the entertainment I seek."

"…And what makes you think I would ever want you by my side?" "Well," Master Reina's eyes twinkled with excitement. "The fact that you haven't already had me locked up and executed. I have pride in my prowess, but I do not think I can escape the grasp of the Emperor of Harmony."

Her smirk grew wider. "So I can only assume that you have decided that it is sub-optimal."

A small smile fleetingly cracked at the edge of Emperor Rael's mouth. She had hit it the bullseye.

One of the things that had impressed him about Rui's tale of the past four years was how Master Reina had managed to fool all Martial Masters, intelligence organizations, and the variety of investigative efforts that had been directed towards her while she pretended to be Rui. She had fooled the entire world.

It took a Martial Sage, in the flesh, to expose her.

That was extremely impressive and even more rare and unprecedented.

The notorious Silent Shadow lived up to her vaunted reputation.

It would be a waste to not make use of her impressive capabilities.

"Aid me, and I will give you the entertainment of a lifetime."

His rich voice was powerful and certain.

It left no room for doubt.

Her eyes lit up with delight. "Hehehe…that sounds fun. I accept your offer. So, what are we going to do?"

Emperor Rael shook his head. "Not so quick. You cannot be trusted as far as I am concerned. I will have you go through some of the highest calibers of examinations that the empire is able to muster before I can trust you with any duty or information of any kind."

Instantly, she grew sullen, pouting. "Boo."

"If you are unwilling to adhere to these conditions, then I'm afraid there can be no cooperation."

The Emperor of Harmony was unyielding on that. "Does that mean you'll have me executed for trespassing if I don't agree to that condition?"

"No," the Emperor remarked. "Even if your intentions were entertainment and amusement, you have materially contributed to the recovery of the Emperor of Kandria, and I shall give you a royal pardon for all your crimes thus far. Though, if you trespass another time after, then I shall have you executed without hesitation."

Another ruler in his place would have merrily used the threat of execution to force her to serve him, but Rael was able to accurately and precisely weight the long-term costs versus benefits and had come to the conclusion that it wasn't in his interests to entrust important duties to someone who was resentful of him.

Master Reina smiled, growing more enthusiastic. "I accept your offer."

-



Chapter 2103  Revelations



Emperor Rael immediately commenced the vetting process for Master Reina; not only did he instruct the deputy director of the Kandrian Bureau of Intelligence to vet her, but he directed the Kandrian Security Agency to conduct an analysis on her in addition to the one that he had tentatively conducted. He also arranged for Sage Farana and Matriarch Nephi to verify the sincerity and trustfulness of her intention to aid him.

She might have been an extremely impressive Martial Master, but she was unable to fool two Martial Sages.

Only then would he be truly able to trust her.

One of the reasons that he was able to execute his plans with extreme success was precisely due to his high levels of caution and veracity.

Regardless, he had reason to believe that he would be able to rely on her. While she had certainly played many pranks on Rui, she had never acted against his interests even when he entrusted her with extremely important duties.

Nonetheless, he would wait to see the results of the vetting process.

Meanwhile, he had taken the time in his busy schedule to visit two of the more important and core interests that would play an enormous role in his grand plan to elevate Kandria to transcendent levels of power and prosperity.

"Divine Doctor." Emperor Rael addressed the man before him calmly. "I am the Emperor of Kandria, father of Prince Rui Quarrier Silas Kandria, with whom you have many ongoing agreements. I am deeply grateful to you for healing me and, as I'm sure he has informed you, I will be taking charge and management of your promised services, including but not limited to medical services and the research and development process of the dungeon."

The Divine Doctor peered at the Emperor of Harmony with curious eyes devoid of warmth.

His gaze was filled with clinical interest. "You know," his tone was intrigued. "I thought it was a curious coincidence, when I learned the truth about your son."

Emperor Rael narrowed his eyes. "What?"

The smile of the Divine Doctor widened. "It was a rather curious coincidence that both father and son somehow happened to be candidates."

His words were heavy and deep with meaning.

Inscrutable meaning.

Emperor Rael frowned. "I do not follow, doctor."

Amusement lit up in the Divine Doctor's eyes. "He didn't tell you the truth about himself, did he?"

"Tell me the truth about what?" Emperor Rael's tone grew stronger.

"You were nominated by the Beggar Sage, but…" The Divine Doctor murmured faintly. "…you were rejected because, despite your brilliance and impact successfully meeting the strict conditions we had set, you were far too tied to a single nation, especially one whose interests weren't in line with what we sought. I found it rather curious when I learned that your son, too, was a candidate, at least before he broke through. Of course, I didn't tell him about you either."

His eyes lit up with interest. "What are the odds that both son and father would independently manage to gain our attention?"

Emperor Rael stared at him silently.

He had no idea what the man had been talking about whatsoever.

However, his sharp mind surged into action as he pieced the many pieces of information together, inductively piecing the truth together.

"You…" Emperor Rael narrowed his eyes. "…were going to give my son immortality?"

The Divine Doctor's smile grew deeper. "You truly would have made a good immortal sage."

The Emperor of Harmony stared at the unnerving inhuman light in the Divine Doctor's eyes.

Something was deeply off.

This man was supposed to be many centuries old.

Yet, when he gazed at him, his intuition told him that that wasn't true.

He wasn't looking at a seven-hundred-year-old man.

It was almost as if…

He was unable to articulate the discrepancies his observations and analysis of the man yielded, but he found it deeply disturbing and unsettling nonetheless.

"Oh well, I suppose it doesn't matter anymore," the Divine Doctor nonchalantly moved on.

As if it was nothing at all.

"Wait." Emperor Rael narrowed his eyes. "I am not done with you yet. Your medical services are required. I need you to enhance and improve the Martial Body of a Martial Sage. I also require a progress report on the research project you have undertaken. Do not forget that the alien specimen does not belong to you."

"The details of my agreement limit my medical services to half of my time and energy." The Divine Doctor lightly commented, losing interest. "The other half goes where I please to research the alien lifeform. As long as you ensure that your little commissions fit within the stipulated time proportions, then I will accept them."

Emperor Rael had no problem with that. It effectively meant that the Divine Doctor was spending the whole day working for the Kandrian Empire. He had to admit that his son had done a good job of harnessing and shackling the Divine Doctor to the Kandrian Empire through their agreements, both known and unknown.

"I shall send you the data on the Martial Body of the Martial Sage in question, we can come to an agreement on the time after you have gone through it."

Emperor Rael was eager to fulfill the requests of the Martial Sages who sought an upgrade to their Martial Bodies. While it was all well and good to read about the treasures in an intelligence report, it was something else entirely to actually experience those treasures in the flesh. n/o/vel/b//in dot c//om

It would fully bring them over to his side and make them more willing to defer to him when it was time to unveil his grand plan for the war. It would also get them to adjust their mindsets quicker, getting them to be more prepared.

And, of course, it increased the net Martial power of the Kandrian Empire significantly. He also needed to verify the exact degree of enhancement, as this variable was extremely important for his grand plan.

-



Chapter 2104  Hurdles and Solutions



Rui had to admit that despite his harshest estimates of the difficulty of his training, he had nonetheless underestimated the difficulty of the project that he had undertaken. Generating vibrations from all sources of vibrations within the inner section of his body was extremely difficult.

For one, his mind didn't even have direct control over all the cells in his body.

Thus, he couldn't just 'will' them to vibrate in accordance with his needs because most cells were not in direct connection with the nervous system. The vast majority of cells in his body were outside of his direct control, which is why he couldn't rely on direct control to trigger them into generating more vibrations.

"How the hell did the Gen Temple make this training easy?" He gritted his teeth.

The Gen Temple had somehow mastered a special training technique. This training technique was so powerful that it somehow allowed them to increase the training success rate of all Martial Artists who engaged in it.

Rui would be lying if he claimed that the thought of running to the Gen Temple to request them for their technique had not flashed through his head.

Of course, he knew this was stupid. The Gen Temple would probably kill him on the spot if they found out that he had managed to crack the principle of the Yin-Yang Shield technique.

Of course, he had come to realize that the complex and inscrutable principles of the technique were just one of the security measures of the temple.

Even if someone had found a way to figure out the principles of the powerful technique, they would not be able to master or propagate it without first having mastered it, which was extremely difficult without their training method.

"No wonder literally nobody has managed to successfully master this technique!"

With so many measures of security in place, the Gen Temple had the right to be confident in the security of their technique.

Their only mistake was existing in the same world as Rui.

"Powerful self-hypnosis will be the only way forward."

With the knowledge of another world, Rui was already aware of the parts of the brain that regulated involuntary cell activity. As long as he could manipulate them, he would be able to manipulate his cells indirectly.

However, that only complicated his path forward and increased the difficulty of the training beyond even his highest estimates. Nôv(el)B\\jnn

"But… as long as I can manipulate my cerebellum and my endocrinology system, it should be possible to improve the amount of vibrational energy that my cells release."

This was bound to be a long and tedious process that would undoubtedly be extremely tiring in and of itself, but he was confident that he was able to get his cells to generate as much vibrational energy as he needed them to.

However, even such elaborate and extravagant training methods were not enough.

"I can't commence such a convoluted self-hypnosis training method each and every time in battle."

Under ordinary circumstances, he could do it.

The cognitive power of his Martial Mind was so great that it allowed him to pull off complex hypnotic processes within impossibly short amounts of time. However, the issue was that this technique was already time-consuming and would require his Martial Mind to ensure he could even viably use it each and every time.

Did he want to increase that timeframe even more by adding a manual self-hypnosis each time he used the technique?

He would be lying if he said that prospect appealed to him.

However, he had solutions to that as well.

"Hypnotic association therapy," Rui muttered.

This was the same principle of the Hungry Pain technique. It allowed him to associate physiological and psychological phenomena with a behavioral or sensory trigger, allowing him to activate the technique with greater ease than if he had to manually complete the entire process of causing the outcomes that he desired each time. In this particular case, he would ideally like to have a trigger that was indistinguishable in combat, allowing him to be able to seamlessly trigger the activation of the yin vibrations.

This way, it wouldn't serve as a tell that could allow his opponent to predict his attack. At the same time, it wouldn't consume time any more than the technique already did, thereby not increasing the difficulty of the technique.

"Huff…" He closed his eyes as he began formulating a separate training regime for the generation of the yin vibrations.

This was undoubtedly the most complicated technique he had ever worked on, on par with the difficulty of the Angel of Laplace.

That was the reason that he was excited to see the technique to the end. Whatever awaited him at the end of his training was bound to be something truly special.

He suspected that the creation of his offensive technique would qualitatively elevate his Martial Art to an entirely different level than ever before.

After all, his systems of thought were limited by his Martial Art.

It wasn't just that his Martial Mind empowered his techniques, no, the techniques gave his Martial Mind more power.

With a powerful offense, countless tactics and strategies that had been closed off before were now open to him. It would qualitatively increase his power far beyond anything he had ever had before. His mind would be unshackled by the limits of his Body and Art.

His concentration and immersion only rose as he grew even more absorbed in the creation of his latest technique. He had long forgotten about the outside world. He had forgotten about his father's ambition.

He had forgotten about the looming war that awaited Kandria. He had long forgotten about the consequences of the waves that he had created, the ripples of which had spread far beyond him.

Alas, while he forgot about the world, the world had not forgotten about him. It changed and shifted as the outcomes of decisions that he had long made became far beyond anything he could have ever imagined at the time of making those decisions.

-



Chapter 2105  Shocks



In a large royal hall, a huge number of people had gathered.

Had Rui been there, he would have recognized them.

They were members of his faction.

Or rather, former members.

In the past six months, Emperor Rael had won each and every single one of them over to his faction.

It had been effortless.

While Rui had needed to toil and struggle to earn the approval and loyalty of those who had eventually become a part of his faction, his father made it look easy.

With blessed innate attractiveness and aesthetics, perfected mastery over verbal and non-verbal communication, immaculate control over his body, and even a background in diplomacy and behavioral psychology, his charisma far exceeded anything that Rui could muster.

This, in conjunction with his already high esteem and status within Kandria, had allowed him to win back all of Rui's political influence and completely make it his own.

"…And, thus, I raise a toast." He smiled. "To Kandria."

"To Kandria!"

The formalities broke as the gathered esteemed guests began talking to each other about a variety of matters relating to things that had happened recently. Just half a year ago, these same people had cursed and mourned the return of the Emperor of Harmony, deeply displeased at Rui losing all opportunity to ascend the throne.

Yet, now, however, they spoke with delight and vigor, with an optimism that had not existed before.

'Good.' Rael's analytical gaze washed over each and every single one of the newly returned members of his own faction. 'The response is within predicted ranges. I can proceed with the next phase of my plan.'

While he lacked the sheer cognition his son had been blessed with, the illuminating SOUL System, and the mind sense of a Martial Master, he still had something that even his extraordinary son lacked.

Experience.

Three centuries of reading and manipulating people had given him an unmatched intuition about them. He knew how they felt, how they thought, and what triggers and fault lines they had that could be used to cause them to act a certain way.

It was one of the many reasons that he had succeeded in averting civil war and creating a nation where opposing forces could come together in harmony and produce a net force that was greater than the parts.

He walked around the hall, exchanging pleasantries with each and every person and seamlessly integrating himself in and out of conversations before anybody even realized.

"Emperor Rael." A powerful, firm voice drew his attention.

Rael's eyes lit up as his attention shifted to the man who had beseeched him.

"Well, if it isn't Guildmaster Bradt." Emperor Rael smiled pleasantly. "…The last decade has been something of a rollercoaster for the Kandrian Empire, hasn't it?" Guildmaster Bradt remarked calmly. "To think your illness came to light, triggering the Kandrian Throne War as the seven royals battled for the throne. Only for you to rock the boat with the revelation of Prince Rui, turning him into a contender for the throne."

Emperor Rael smiled calmly while the Guildmaster narrowed his eyes.

"…And just when everybody thought things had finally ended with Prince Rui's victory, you shocked the world once more with your return," Guildmaster Bradt continued. "I, for one, am wary of any more shocks."

His gaze sharpened. "Tell me, Emperor Rael. Do I have reason to fear any more shocks?"

Emperor Rael's powerful eyes met the inquisitive peer of the guildmaster of the Shionel Confederation.

Ironically, it was the more direct line of questioning that was trickier to evade than more sophisticated lines of inquiry and investigation. Guildmaster Bradt knew that. Normally, it was not something that people without the appropriate amount of power could do, but as the leader of a Sage-level nation and an oligarch of an entire industry, Guildmaster Bradt knew that he was just powerful enough to address the Emperor of Harmony.

He put Emperor Rael in a tough spot.

If the latter blatantly denied any more shocks, it would come to bite him back when his actions inevitably triggered the next Great East Panamic War. It would undermine the credibility and trustworthiness of his words.

This was a highly undesirable outcome.

However, he could not simply come out clean and tell the foxy guildmaster about his plans to elevate Kandria to the supreme pinnacle of humanity.

At the same time, if he overtly refused to answer the question, then he would reveal the fact that he was hiding something. His answer needed to be surgically vague enough where he wouldn't reveal his plans but also would not be perceived as evasive.

"The only constant is change, guildmaster. You, of all people, should know that better than anyone else, considering that it was because you were open to a radical change of strategy that you could win the Shionel Dungeon War, was it not?" Emperor Rael's rich voice confidently asked. "I do not intend to be an instrument of inertia. Kandria must change. Kandria will change. Just as it changed when I became Emperor, it will change now that I have returned as Emperor."

"…" Guildmaster Bradt simply stared at the Emperor of Harmony.

By making it seem like a political slogan of sorts, Rael had successfully obscured the truth. It was difficult for Guildmaster Bradt to evaluate whether it was just an empty line thrown out without too much seriousness or whether it was something that he needed to take seriously.

Emperor Rael gazed at him knowingly.

Guildmaster Bradt played an important role in his plans with the sheer amount of power this man could command. It meant that he would eventually need to lobby this man to his side.

However, today was not that day. The only people who knew of his plan were the Martial Sages of the nation, barring the underworld Sage, and a few people he trusted wholeheartedly. n/o/vel/b//in dot c//om

Any premature revelations of his intentions and ability to elevate Kandria would lead to absolute catastrophe that would end in Kandria's downfall.

-



Chapter 2106  Harnessing People



A year had passed since Emperor Rael's return.

East Panama finally got over the event despite its magnitude.

Or, at least, the people did.

The ruling class of East Panama watched with bated breaths and wary eyes as Emperor Rael's activity did not appear to cease or reduce whatsoever. A conference here, a meeting there, immense activity in the foreign affairs department. Nation after nation, he held long private talks with not only nations and states in the immediate domain of influence of the Kandrian Empire, but also with all sixteen Sage-level nations.

It was a scary amount of activity.

At the same time, they could not help but grudgingly marvel at how immensely effective he was as a statesman.

Within six months, the Kandrian Empire was firmly within his grip once more. He applied skilled use of the carrot and the stick, creating the most optimal incentive structures and penalty systems to firmly regain absolute control over the entire nation.

The maritime and seafare industry of the Kandrian Empire—which had suffered many losses and shocks when Rui eliminated the seafaring princess Ranea during the Kandrian Throne War— was now slowly returning to its prime within half a year as Emperor Rael graciously recuperated the sector with tax cuts and interest rate cuts.

It became beholden to him in return as he appointed his own men to the board of directors of every maritime enterprise in the entire nation.

He employed a similar tactic in every sector of the nation, capitalizing on the failure of the seven prime candidates to regain his lost control in exchange for returning them to a state of normalcy. n/ô/vel/b//jn dot c//om

Of course, money did not come out of thin air. He needed a non-capital-intensive power.

"Do you understand, my son?"

Emperor Rael gazed down from atop his throne at his son.

Prince Raul met his gaze with a wry smile. "You are good at making people feel good when you need them, father."

He had grown visibly older in the past four years. He had gracefully accepted his defeat at Rui's hands in the Throne War and had instead shifted his efforts to aiding Kandria during trying times.

With the voluntary service of the Kandrian Ruffians, he was able to help many people get through the worst of the Kandrian Throne War.

"Your heart is as noble and pure as it has always been," Emperor Rael gently remarked. "Even as l gaze into your eyes, I am unable to detect even a hint of darkness. To think that you would be able to resist being corrupted by the entire world for this long. It has allowed you to inspire many who follow you in your path."

"…but?" Prince Raul smiled at his father knowingly.

"But you do not apply your power optimally." Emperor Rael's voice grew firmer. "That is why you could not defeat Rui during the Kandrian Throne War."

Prince Raul shook his head.

"People are not power, father. At the very least, I don't think of them that way."

Emperor Rael heaved a sigh, shaking his head.

Everything was power.

There was a reason that the Emperor of Harmony had been one of the most effective leaders in all of human civilization.

It was because he saw power everywhere and in everyone.

He saw power in places that others couldn't have dreamt of.

He saw the greatest amount of power in harmony, which is why he had come to adopt it as his working doctrine. It resulted in one of the greatest success stories of any human nation.

While his son was certainly a far better human being than Rael had ever been, he was deeply unfit to be a leader, which was why Emperor Rael found it to be a shame that he had such command over so much soft power over people.

He decided to change gears.

"A war awaits Kandria on the horizon, my son."

Prince Raul's expression grew serious at those words.

"I tell you this because you are the only one in the Royal Family that I can trust, aside from Rui," Emperor Rael continued. "I need you to use the Kandrian Ruffians to aid my economic stimulus and national security agendas."

Prince Raul gazed at his father with careful eyes. His father did not utter such things lightly.

"What kind of war?" He frowned. "With who? And why?"

Emperor Rael simply shook his head, leaving the People's Prince sighing.

"If a war is coming, then I'll need to make preparations for supporting our people during wartime," Prince Raul muttered. "I hope you can tell me when."

"You'll know when the time comes," Emperor Rael reassured him. "I need to make use of all the free labor you command for the time being to ensure that I'm able to secure the best outcome."

Prince Raul's expression grew a bit guarded. "…If I do not approve of your directives, then I will simply ignore them at any point. I refuse to make my people suffer if I think that your objectives are not for their benefit."

Emperor Rael knew that his son would not compromise on this condition no matter what. "I accept that condition, my son." He smiled. "Rest assured that you will only be working for the betterment of the Kandrian people. With the power that you command, I am certain that the Kandrian Empire will overcome all the tribulations that seek to crush it."

Having secured the cooperation of the People's Prince, he had taken one more step toward his ultimate ambition and objective of elevating Kandria above all others. He had fleshed out much of his grand plan and had made concrete preparations to execute it. However, he couldn't execute the plan until Rui was done with his training.

Unbeknownst to Rui, Rael had made him one of the central elements of his grand plan to elevate Kandria to the heavens.

Just thinking about it put a smile on his face, the world had no idea what it was in for.

-



Chapter 2107  Searching For Reasons



The mere return of the Emperor of Harmony had sent waves across East Panama.

His actions, however, did more than just that.

In an office in the presidential headquarters of the Republic of Gorteau, President Raymond sat in his office, frozen with shock.

"What…?" A whisper escaped him. "What did you say?"

His administrative head stood before him with a grave expression.

"The Democratic Socialist Party has won over two hundred and eighty-three seats, sir."

He shuddered at her words.

The general elections of the Republic of Gorteau had just ended. These were elections conducted for the state government, the legislators of which would go on to form the Congress, the legislative body for the entire nation.

President Raymond's ambitious campaign promises required him to not only be re-elected in the presidential elections of the Republic of Gorteau but also needed his party, the National Libertarian Party, to gain an overwhelming majority in Congress.

This was because the governmental system of the Republic of Gorteau was such that the authority to levy war was divided equally between the Congress and the President. While the President was the sole overseer of war, the authority to formally approve his declaration of war rested solely in the hands of Congress, barring times of emergency or breach of national security, as specified by the Constitution.

This measure was to ensure that war could not unilaterally be declared by any one candidate.

Thus, in order to go ahead with his plans to wage war on Kandria eventually, he needed Congress to approve his declaration of war. He needed Congress to be firmly dominated by his party, or else he could lose his existing plans.

That was why the news of his opposition party gaining an enormous number of seats in Congress was so horrific.

"What the hell happened?!" He gritted his teeth. "I thought the polls indicated that we would get at least seventy percent!"

"Sir, the director of campaigning affairs has already begun preparing a psephological report that is exploring the reasons for the unexpected upset."

President Raymond gritted his teeth. "What is his initial diagnosis?"

"Sir, according to him, it appears that the Socialist Democratic Party gained a large surplus of campaign donations to fund a lot of their campaigning," she calmly explained. "The states that they won correspond with their largest campaigning ventures. The estimated cost of their campaigning far exceeds their funding."

President Raymond narrowed his eyes. "In other words, they got a large windfall at the final moment, breathing life in their campaign in swing states?"

"That appears to be the case according to the director of campaigning affairs, sir."

He gritted his teeth.

"If I may, sir, isn't this a good thing because we have a good justification? We can avoid war with the Emperor of Harmony."

He shook his head. "Our donors don't care about the reason. And the voter base doesn't even understand the justification. The only thing they'll remember is that I failed to keep my promises."

He understood how both his donors and voters thought. The former understood the reason that they didn't care about. The latter didn't understand the reasons and still didn't care. Regardless, this was a major upset that threw all his plans out the window entirely. If he couldn't get Congress to approve his declaration of war, then everything he had worked towards in the past five years would be in vain.

And he knew that his opposition would impede all his initiatives as much as possible. The less he accomplished, the more it would be used against him in the next round of elections. All in all, it was a complete nightmare for his future prospects, even though he had just been elected as president.

However, there was one good outcome out of all this.

He could indeed avoid war with the Emperor of Harmony.

He had put on a facade of confidence when questioned on how he would fare in the war against the famed Emperor of Harmony. However, he would be lying if he said he was confident or had reason to be confident.

This was a man who had brought Kandria victorious outcomes, if not outright victory, in every major war that the Kandrian Empire had ever partaken in. It wasn't even a question of whether he was qualified, considering he had a team of military and Martial experts that he needed to defer to.

He had not looked forward to waging the war against Kandria now that the Emperor of Harmony had returned to power.

"Find out where the socialists got that windfall from." He narrowed his eyes. "They had always fallen behind us in funding due to being pacifists. How could they have possibly gained enough at the last minute?"

He had his suspicions.

Whoever it was that had supplied them with the large donation was clearly someone who wanted to stop the war against the Kandrian Empire from happening. There was clearly no other reason to support the socialist party.

Especially because their ideology was antithetical to most of the wealthy class. Regardless, it was a horrible outcome. If he didn't get the war against Kandria that he had promised his voters, then the probability of him being re-elected was extremely low.

"Damn it all!" He gritted his teeth. "Now the only way I can declare war against Kandria is if the Emperor of Harmony provokes a war somehow such that I can declare an emergency or even those thick-headed socialists will decide to support it."

He didn't hold out much hope for that.

The Emperor of Harmony was not an imperialist leader, and, thus, the probability that he would go out of his way to trigger war was low. n/ô/vel/b//jn dot c//om

Unfortunately, it was his only option from there on out.

Thankfully, his new presidential term would last another five years, which gave him hope that he would be able to find justification to declare war on the basis of national security.

"Contact the director of the intelligence service. I want him to direct targeted investigations against the Kandrian Empire. Tell him to find me a reason to declare a national emergency to unilaterally declare war. Any valid reason." He narrowed his eyes gravely. "For the sake of my presidency."



Chapter 2108  Shift in Priorities



"Your Majesty, are you sure that donating ten billion gold coins to the Democratic Socialist Party of the Republic of Gorteau anonymously was a worthwhile expenditure?" the Royal Chancellor asked with a skeptical tone.

A group of officials gazed at the Emperor of Harmony across an extravagantly adorned table.

Emperor Rael's powerful gaze shifted to the Royal Chancellor. "It worked just as intended, did it not?" he calmly asked. "If ten billion gold coins is all it takes, then it is worth it to stop a fool who cannot stop what he knows is a foolish endeavor."

Emperor Rael huffed. "More importantly, Kandria is in a precarious position internationally. The Republic of Gorteau is not the only one that is openly hostile to our empire. I do not need to remind all of you that the Sekigahara Confederate would love nothing more than to wipe us off the map. And while the Britannian Empire calmed down after Emperor Arthur broke through into the Transcendent Realm, it is still an imperialistic nation that preys on the weak, colonizing any and all nations that it is able to."

He narrowed his eyes. "We are in a world that will devour us in a heartbeat if we show enough weakness."

His words set the tone of the meeting.

"I have managed to slow down and even undo the damage of our waning influence in the international community," Rael calmly informed them. "However, even for me, it is impossible to undo the damage in our international standing that a decade of political weakness has done to us."

This was a lie.

Emperor Rael possessed the ability to undo all of it.

He even genuinely planned to undo all of it when he commenced his grand plan.

However, for now, he abstained; he had found a better way to make lemonade out of lemons.

"As discussed, there are verifiably grave threats that are hostile to Kandria by all objective measures, the details of which have been provided to you in the information package that each of you has been supplied with. That is why I have formulated several domestic agendas that will take priority from this day forth," he continued. "They are, in no particular order—" n/o/vel/b//in dot c//om

He raised a finger. "Border security."

A second finger rose. "Foreign Intelligence."

A third finger rose. "Economic independence."

A fourth finger rose. "Military and Martial investment."

A fifth finger rose. "Strengthened authority and law enforcement."

The leaders of the executive government grew surprised at the list of priorities that the Emperor of Harmony espoused.

"Your Majesty…?" The Minister of Foreign Affairs stared at him, confused. "Do you intend on waging war? These do not sound like the list of priorities of a leader with peaceful intentions."

"I won't ever declare war," Emperor Rael asserted evenly. "However, that doesn't mean I can live like war doesn't exist. I have already provided ample substantiation for my shift in policy. We have a powerful Sage-level powerhouse that is openly lobbying to wage war against Kandria. The other two are not actively pushing for war yet, but have grown more hostile against us in the past decade due to our political weakness. Wake up; one can hope for the best but must always prepare for the worst."

His rhetoric was quite effective, painting a narrative with a carefully selected set of facts to convince others of his decisions.

In reality, the reason he wanted to make such aggressive wartime preparations was because of his grand plan.

He knew war was inevitable if he went through with his ambition to use the super treasures that Rui had brought back home to elevate the Kandrian Empire above all others.

"Allow me to go through all of them one by one," Emperor Rael offered. "For border security, l plan to triple the fixed capital funding to the Kandrian Border Patrol Force to strengthen our border fortified wall. No cost is objectionable when it comes to strengthening border security. Minister Milian, I entrust the execution of this to you as it falls within the purview of the Ministry of National Security."

She nodded solemnly.

"I do not need to even elaborate on the importance of foreign intelligence," Emperor Rael mused. "I want eyes and ears everywhere. If President Raymond even whispers about waging war on us, I want to know. If Prime Minister Edward decides to commence military action, I want to know. If the Sekigahara Confederate so much as glances in our direction, I want to know. As for military and Martial investment…"

He glanced at the Grand General and the Grand Admiral of the Royal Military. "I'm sure you two know exactly how to improve the army and the navy, correct?"

The two men grinned. "You know us well, Your Majesty."

"Hm." Emperor Rael nodded. "As for Martial investment, Minister Varay, I can entrust you to handle a collaboration with the Martial Union to increase the quality of Martial Artists of both parties."

The man beamed at the Emperor's words. "I will ensure that it is done, Your Majesty."

"Good." Emperor Rael nodded. "All of this expenditure will undoubtedly tax the Royal treasury, but I have secured the cooperation of Prince Raul and the Kandrian Ruffians to offset the labor costs. Thus, it shouldn't exceed our budgets."

His gaze returned to the rest of them. "As far as economic independence, the rationale is simple. During times of war, economic dependence becomes a liability. If we import energy from a foreign nation to fulfill our needs, then that nation has leverage over us, which can be very dangerous for war. I seek to cut off this dependence. From this day forth, all of our important needs and interests must increasingly be fulfilled domestically."

The cabinet of ministers stirred at his words.

This was not a light shift in policy and divulged that the Emperor of Harmony was extremely wary of war.

Almost as if he was certain that war was inevitable instead of merely a possibility.

"…Your Majesty," the Royal Chancellor addressed him. "What about the final priority you mentioned? 'Strengthened authority and law enforcement' is frankly a vague priority. Could you be more specific?"

-



Chapter 2109  Shocking Objective



Emperor Rael smiled. "It's simple. It means one thing, really."

He narrowed his eyes. "The destruction of the Kandrian Underworld."

Not a single person could maintain their composure at those words.

"What?!"

"Your Majesty, are you truly serious?"

"That is absurd!

Their reactions were justified.

The Kandrian Underworld had long entrenched itself in the Kandrian Empire. It had infiltrated itself so deep that exorcizing it was almost impossible. Even if they tried, the consequences would be devastating, triggering a mini civil war that would harm the nation.

The fact that the Underworld had a Martial Sage, Sage Aggragor, meant that a war against the Underworld would mean a battle between Martial Sages.

That was a disaster that would destroy all life in Kandria.

Thus, the Underworld was left alone and allowed to fester in darkness.

It held the entire nation hostage in order to ensure that it was left alone.

Not a single member of the meeting was anything short of disgusted by the Underworld. Disgusted by their helplessness against the despicable but effective strategy of the Underworld.

Yet, what could they even do?

It was impossible.

"Is it?" Emperor Rael's tone grew frosty. "Is it truly impossible?"

They all gazed at him, speechless.

"Your Majesty…" the Royal Chancellor murmured. "You have always maintained that harmony with the underworld was the best long-term outcome… Why have you changed your stance?"

Emperor Rael shook his head. "You don't understand. I have no principled attachment to Harmony. I chose to make it my doctrine because, all this time, it was the best domestic and international policy for Kandria's circumstances."

"…And has that somehow changed since your return, Your Majesty?"

Emperor Rael smiled.

"Everything has changed."

They frowned incredulously.

They had no idea what he was talking about.

And, clearly, he had no intention of revealing his thought process.

However, he was more open about his espoused goal of the eradication of the Underworld.

"Before, I would have agreed with you that the destruction of the Underworld was almost impossible," Emperor Rael remarked calmly. "However, today, at this moment, it is entirely possible due to a new variable."

He smiled with confidence. "The Silas Clan. More specifically, Matriarch Nephi Deborah Silas."

They grew stunned as they stared at him with widened eyes.

"I'm sure the thought has crossed each of your minds." The Emperor's rich voice grew enticing. "'What if we use the Silas Clan against the Underworld?'"

Their expressions betrayed the truth of his claims.

"I will excuse the fact that nobody executed this plan in the past four years since their arrival because there were more pertinent matters," Emperor Rael calmly remarked. "However, now that I am here, there is no excuse. The Silas Matriarch is a super treasure whose value is priceless precisely because of the sheer strategic advantages that her Martial Art offers. This can be used against the Underworld to produce outcomes that would be absolutely impossible otherwise."

Matriarch Nephi could show them the exact outcome of a military assault on the Underworld, thereby allowing them to adaptively evolve their strategies to be perfectly antithetical against their foes.

They could launch damning ambushes that would cripple the Underworld before it could even understand what had happened.

"More importantly, the biggest priority is neutralizing Sage Aggragor without harming Kandria in the fallout. A targeted strike involving three Martial Sages should be more than enough to capture and neutralize the end outcome. And once he is taken care of, the Underworld is doomed."

It was not an exaggeration to suggest that ninety-percent of the reason that the Underworld was left alone was entirely due to the Martial Sage.

Without him, they most certainly didn't have enough deterrence to push back the Kandrian Empire from swallowing them up.

"I will personally enlist the Martial Sages of the Martial Union to make this a joint operation," Emperor Rael declared. "Two Martial Sages should be enough to ensure he is captured. Three should be enough to ensure absolutely no harm comes to Kandria. I'll deploy four for absolute certainty. There is too much at stake to be lax about this."

He considered deploying Sage Sayfeel, but ultimately decided not to. There was no need to deploy him and risk his existence getting leaked.

At least, not yet. n/o/vel/b//in dot c//om

"Your Majesty, is there a reason that you are so insistent on destroying the Underworld?" The Royal Chancellor inquired, frowning. "It appears to me that you have an especially strong reason to do so."

Emperor Rael's gaze shifted to the man. He certainly was perceptive.

Rael did have an especially strong reason to do so.

The probability of his grand plan succeeding rose by at least six percent if he could eliminate the Underworld as a variable and assimilate its economic and Martial capital. As long as he could do that, Kandria as a force would be much more formidable in the war against those that sought to curb its rise to absolute supremacy.

This was because it was standard tactics for the Underworld to use wars like this to weaken the government's control over the nation to give themselves more leeway. After all, a more chaotic nation was one where they could thrive.

Rael simply could not tolerate such liability impeding the execution of his grand plan. That was the reason that he wanted to uproot this evil before he commenced his grand plan. On top of that, he wanted them gone before they could ever learn of the super treasures that his son had brought back home. There was no telling what those greedy mafias would do when they learned that there were such treasures that were out of their control.

"With the Whispering Widower, Tempestuous Fortress, the Flashing Flier, and the Mindbender, there should be no chance for failure." Emperor Rael's voice was firm. The most important part of the plan was the Mindbender—Sage Farana—and her mental Martial Art. Using hypnosis, she could incapacitate Sage Aggragor and render him weak and incapable so that Emperor Rael could use him as a pawn in his grand plan.



