Chapter 1871  Conviction



He had completed all his political endeavors in the Kandrian Empire.

He crushed the Kandrian Throne War, emerging thoroughly victorious as the de facto next ruler of Kandria.

He obtained the intelligence he was looking for from the Beggar Sage. He found and won over the Silas Clan, bringing them over to the Kandrian Empire and using his grandmother's prophetic power to foresee visions of the Divine Doctor that gave him crucial information about the man's location and circumstances.

Now, he needed to meet with the guildmaster of the Adventurer's Guild and get even more information. Once that was done, it would be time to switch with Master Reina and head to the Beast Domain.

Naturally, his plans to visit the Panamic Adventurer's Guild brought up concern in his faction.

After all, he was an extremely high-profile target.

There were many parties that had powerful reasons to kill him.

Naturally, it was not feasible to kill him inside the Kandrian Empire, where he was in his domain power, but they had no qualms about killing him outside it.

Rui was aware of this. "Relax, I will commission the Sloth Sage to join my security detail," Rui assuaged their concerns.

No one knew why he chose the Sloth Sage instead of a defense-oriented Martial Sage, but it was fine nonetheless.

A Martial Sage was a Martial Sage.

They didn't know that the reason Rui chose him was because he would not be able to switch with Master Reina if another Martial Sage joined him.

He would have chosen to bring his grandmother along with him, but unfortunately, she was still busy helping her clan find its place in the Kandrian Empire and getting used to a new life; she could not leave her clan during this critical stage.

Rui informed members of his faction and orbit of the decision, stating it was a short diplomatic visit and he would be back soon.

That was a lie, of course.

While he didn't feel an ounce of guilt lying to his faction, he was unable to bring himself to lie to his mother.

And thus, he didn't.

"…Gone for a while?" Lashara's expression fell. "…How long?"

Rui winced, struggling to get to the point. "Probably more than a year, maybe a few. But no more than that."

She leaned in, pulling him for a hug.

"Mom…?" Rui returned her embrace.

She didn't reply, simply wordlessly hugging him, refusing to let go.

"…Don't worry, I'll be back." Rui tried to console her.

"…"

"…Please? It's important to me."

She finally relented, letting go. She gazed into his eyes intensely. "…Come back safe."

"I promise."

She closed her eyes. "Tell everyone before you go. You will not leave them heartbroken a second time."

"…I understand."

He spent the rest of the day slowly breaking the news to the rest of the orphanage, coaxing them into reluctantly agreeing. But ultimately, they understood. "I am not surprised," Xanarn smiled. "This is your life path, after all. It is part of who you are."

"I can tell that you are undoubtedly going to do something extremely dangerous," Julian smiled wryly. "As I once told you, your life is yours, and you must bear the consequences of your actions, your family. Please ensure that you remain mindful of this this time."

Their words were not light, but they showed that they understood.

He was not someone who could spend his days in the orphanage, unfortunately. He explained it away as being busy with work inside and outside the nation where he would be unable to visit them.

This was a good cover that did not draw too much attention.

"Huff…" He heaved a heavy sigh after he departed the Quarrier Orphanage for what would be the final time for quite some time. Yet those weren't the only people he felt the need to speak to.

POW POW POW

Rui calmly blocked a flurry of attacks from Kane, returning them before Kane swiftly evaded them. Ne/w novel chapt𝒆rs are p/u/blished on no/vel(/bin(.)c/o/m

"You're up to something, aren't you?" Kane narrowed his eyes as he maneuvered around Rui.

"What makes you think that?" Rui smiled, amused. "I can tell."

BAM!

A blindingly swift kick crashed into Rui's guard.

"Well, I'm not surprised that you can," Rui remarked.

They had been friends for a long time. Kane had a decent grasp of what Rui's thought patterns were like.

"Whatever it is, take me as well!" Kane pleaded, throwing a flurry of blows at Rui.

WHOOSH!

They crashed into a feint.

POW

Rui's leg clean sweeped Kane's leg, knocking him off balance.

WHOOSH!

His fist stopped an inch away from Kane's jaw.

"Not this time, Kane," Rui remarked. "There's too much at stake, and bringing additional people drastically increases the probability of something going wrong. On top of that, the risk is too high."

Rui was firm about that. Kane wasn't at the level where Rui could confidently bring him along. Unfortunately, although he didn't say it, Kane was too much of a liability at his current level of power.

"Come on!" Kane protested. "No," Rui shook his head. "You might die."

Kane's eyes intensified. He gritted his teeth.

"I would rather die than be left behind."

Rui's eyes widened.

The weight of his words weighed down on the atmosphere. His voice was earnestly sincere; he meant every word he uttered.

"…Kane."

"Besides, the Beast Domain isn't about strength; it's about survivability, isn't it?" Kane asked. "I'm an assassin. I have skillsets that extend far beyond active combat, and I've grown far better at them than I ever was before. I can offer you a much higher degree of stealth, you know?"

It wasn't the most compelling argument, rationally speaking.

Rui could conjure up a number of powerful rebuttals as to why his logic wasn't sound.

For one, while it was true that he had much more Martial-oriented skillsets outside of combat than Rui did, it was also true that the skillsets of an assassin did not overlap with that of a hunter or an explorer.





Chapter 1872 First Meeting

﻿﻿On top of that, while Kane was an assassin, he did focus on a direct approach that was largely overlapping with frontal combat skills.

These were enough rational grounds to dismiss the value proposition that he had to offer as opposed to the risk that he could bring with him.

However, Rui was unable to bring himself to outright refuse Kane firmly.

He knew that he was part of the reason for Kane's Martial drive. In the past three years since Rui returned to the Kandrian Empire and broke him through to the Senior Realm, Kane had isolated himself in rigorous, long-term training and mission-completion to gain more experience.

He had undoubtedly grown much since he had broken through to the Senior Realm, but from what Rui could see, he had yet to reach the threshold of a high-grade Martial Senior.

More importantly, Rui knew that refusing him here would not be good for his Martial drive. Even if it wasn't strictly his fault, Rui would definitely feel very guilty and sorrowful if he was responsible for crippling Kane's Martial drive.

The correct answer was telling him no, but...

"..."

Rui was unable to bring himself to do that.

A tense moment passed before Rui heaved a sigh.

"Fine. You can come along."

"YES!" Kane leaped into the air with delight, reaching hundreds of meters into the sky instantly. "Woohooo!"

Rui felt a tinge of regret even as he watched Kane with an amused expression. It wasn't the right thing to involve Kane in the mess. That was the situation that Rui had put himself in to fix everything wrong in his life at the moment.

But, he appreciated Kane's company. They were undoubtedly best friends.

"Listen," Rui grew serious. "If we're going to do this, we're going to have to be even more careful than we were last time, got it?"

"Got it, chief," Kane grinned. "This is Shionel Dungeon all over again. If it ain't broke, don't fix it, amirite?"

Rui heaved an amused sigh as he felt a mild headache coming about him. It was all nice and well to want to help his friend, but it also meant that an additional burden had fallen on his shoulders.

He needed to plan things carefully. Thankfully, he had a tremendous amount of resources as well as the support of powerful people. Thus, it was possible to pull it off even if he was under far greater scrutiny than he had ever been before in his entire life. His powerful mind had already burst into action, fleshing out a sophisticated plan to allow Kane to tag along with him.

It wasn't long before he sat Kane down, explaining all the details to him and what he needed to do with a flowchart, just for good measure.

"...and then we're done, got it?" Rui asked him.

"Yep yep, I got it," Kane nodded enthusiastically.

"...Let's go through it one more time."

It wasn't until half an hour later that Rui was convinced Kane fully understood the sophisticated and complicated multi-layered plan right down to the very letter. Kane was sharp, but Rui's plans were like mazes.

While Kane set off to begin fulfilling the plan that Rui had put together that could allow him to join Rui without anybody knowing, Rui continued on with his plan, taking his own measures.

"Are the preparations ready?" Rui asked his chief of staff.

"Perfectly, sir," she replied. "We have prepared the most luxurious and comfortable carriage for your journey to the Adventurer's Guild, as well as the finest staff to cater to your needs and all the other goods in storage as you specified. All that's left is for..."

RUMBLE

The world shook.

Rui turned, recognizing the sensation as heaven and earth bent under the weight of the new presence that had arrived at the carriage.

STEP

"Your Sagehood," Rui bowed lightly, greeting the Sloth Sage. "I am grateful for your services. I look forward to journeying with you."

"Hm, let's get this over with," he yawned sleepily. "This looks like it's a comfortable carriage to get some sleep in."

"It is," Rui smiled. "I prepared it with you in mind."

"Well, well, then, I shall gladly partake in it."

This time around, Rui had decided to travel with the Sloth Sage as the sole member of his security detail. Naturally, it meant more work for him, but he was strangely understanding this time, much to the Martial Union's surprise.

It wasn't long before the final preparations were completed, and the enormous luxurious carriage set off into motion, ascending into the air as it bypassed any traffic on the streets of the Kandrian Empire.

BOOM!

It produced a sonic boom, crossing the sound barrier, and just a few hours later, it had already arrived at the western border of the Kandrian Empire, smoothly crossing it. He had already received authorization from the Kandrian Border Patrol Force, allowing for a smooth and hassle-free exit from the Kandrian Empire.

Rui heaved a sigh once they left the Kandrian Empire. He knew he wasn't going to come back any time soon.

The Sloth Sage had already dozed off, relaxing across one of the many wide seats in the spacious carriage.

"Aahhh…" Master Reina appeared out of thin air, relaxing on a seat opposite Rui. "Finally, I can release my technique."

Yet, she wasn't the only one that emerged.VịSit no(v)3lb/!n(.)c𝒐m for new 𝒏ov𝒆l𝒔

THUD

Rui turned to one of the pieces of luggage in the storage compartment.

It was a human-sized box.

CLACK

"Huff…!" Kane gasped for air. "Man! That was rough!"

"Oh, we have an additional guest, do we?" Master Reina glanced at Kane, amused.

"Wait, who are you?" Kane tilted his head.

"I could ask you the same question." Master Reina huffed.

Rui had almost forgotten that these two had never met.

"Kane, Master Reina, my assassination teacher. Master Reina, Kane, my best friend," he quickly gestured to each of them introducing them to each other.

"Woah," Kane looked interest. "You're a Master assassin? Can you train me?"

"Depends," Master Reina shrugged nonchalantly. "Can you entertain me?"

"I have a good sense of humor, unlike him," Kane remarked.

"What a coincidence, so do I."

Rui tried to contest the assertions, but alas, he stood no chance against the newfound assassin duo.

The Sloth Sage snored the entire journey.

-



Chapter 1873  Ominous Arrival



The journey was a lot less solemn than Rui was expecting.

He was leaving his family for the foreseeable future. Both his families.

He was leaving his friends, his faction, his supporters, and his patrons behind.

He was leaving his father behind.

He was heading to the Beast Domain, an extremely dangerous place, and would be searching for the Divine Doctor.

Yet, the banter between Kane and Master Reina kept the atmosphere light. The Sloth Sage snoring away in another compartment made it difficult to feel particularly heavy.

Yet, inwardly, he could feel his nerves tingling.

"Wait, so you were the one who helped master Phantomind Void? That's crazy, you gotta help me with my Void Step technique…"

"You have a greater affinity for stealth than he does; you should focus on physical stealth in addition to misdirection," Master Reina gave him tips and instructions.

"I'll definitely have to train under you when we get back," Kane nodded. "Also…"

While the two of them conversed, Rui closed his eyes, entering his Mind Palace as he revised the information that he knew about the Adventurer's Guild. While those two could afford to relax, he had an important meeting.

The Adventurer's Guild was not only the largest Martial broker for services relating to the Beast Domain between the consumer market and Martial Artists, but it also had powerful cultural impacts on human civilization. The Shionel Adventurer's Guild, for example, that set up during the Shionel Dungeon raid was a copy-paste of the Panamic Adventurer's Guild on a smaller scale.

One of the greatest tenets of the guild was its pledge to never bear arms against humanity or in inter-human conflicts. It would exclusively make use of its services and capital in relation to the Beast Domain.

This was one of the reasons it had received widespread support from across human civilization.

Naturally, it was uncomfortable when it was bashed for its impact on the ecology of the continent and its continuous damage to the Beast Domain.

That was one of the incentives that Rui intended to dangle in front of the current guildmaster of the Adventurer's Guild. This was a boon that he would not be able to ignore and would be more inclined to aid Rui.

Naturally, it wasn't going to be easy.

Guildmaster Vaughn Shelbous Rauebeinon

This was a man who was appointed as the guildmaster by one of the most powerful Martial Sages of human civilization, the Veritable Venator. He was an extremely competent administrator and manager, as well as someone with a master's degree in Beast Domain ecology and an expert in business affairs and had a background in diplomacy as well.

In other words, he was an extraordinary individual.

He was not someone to be trifled with.

It tangentially reminded him of the Beggar Sage and his mission to grant immortality to geniuses of humanity so that they could continue their work. Ne/w novel chapt𝒆rs are p/u/blished on no/vel(/bin(.)c/o/m

Did the Beggar Sage give Guildmaster Vaughn immortality?

Probably not.

The fact that Rui hadn't gotten it proved that merely intelligence was not enough.

Most likely, there had to be some degree of impact on human civilization that proved that they were worth immortality.

Regardless of whether he was or wasn't, it did not change the fact that Rui needed to carefully dangle political support in return for thorough aid in searching for exactly what he was hoping to find: a very concrete and grounded path to investigate and find the Divine Doctor.

He could commission the Adventurer's Guild, but money left traces, traces that could be found and potentially used to sniff out what he was trying to do and what his true intentions were.

Rui would rather avoid getting money involved for this reason.

He had largely fleshed out his diplomatic approach to the Adventurer's Guild as they traveled to the headquarters of the Adventurer's Guild in North Panama, in the Panamic Adventurer Town. The largest market for adventurer missions and commissions. An enormous town dedicated to facilitating an open market.

Even at the tremendous speeds that far outstripped sound by orders of magnitude, it still took them nearly an hour to reach their destination. Soon enough, Rui could spot the enormous town in the distance outside of the window.

"The Panamic Adventurer Town…" Rui whispered. "Fascinating, isn't it?" Master Reina asked with an interested tone. "It's been a long time since I came here."

"You used to be an adventurer?"

"Yes, but it was a cover," she remarked. "I would often undertake adventurer missions as a cover to conduct my assassinations."

"You used to assassinate beasts?" Kane frowned. "That's just normal hunting."

"Not beasts, no, other adventurers," her smile grew sinister as her tone grew dark. "You see, the best place to kill someone is in the Beast Domain. The death is never suspicious since the Beast Domain has much higher mortality rates than anywhere else. It will be treated as a consequence of the hostile environment and life. The best is if you can ensure that their body is never found, which is easy."

Rui stared at her, speechless.

Planning assassinations in the Beast Domain was probably extremely difficult and extremely dangerous. Only Master Reina could treat them as an opportunity rather than a tribulation.

He shook his head lightly as he observed the Beast Domain far away on the horizon.

Just looking at it made one feel ominous and dark.

It was opaque.

Dark.

Nothing could be gauged from it aside from a strange darkness that didn't befit the time of day. He would be plunging into the darkness and mysteries within it and exploring its depths, searching for the man that he needed most.

He didn't have as much as he wished he did.

At the moment, he had less than four years.

Less than four years to find and convince the Divine Doctor to fix his father. The many visions of death his grandmother showed him had ground his resolve and conviction. But they were unable to break it.

He forged forward, reaching the Panamic Adventurer Town.

-



Chapter 1874  Inquiry



The Adventurer Town possessed an energy more vibrant than any other place he had ever seen. Not even the town of Hajin could compare to the sheer enthuse in this town. For one, there were almost no residents; everyone in it was temporarily visiting for some business, either as an adventurer or to hire an adventurer.

This translated to an enormous hub for adventurer trade with a huge amount of flux in and out of the town.

THUD…

The carriage descended from the air, landing on the ground with a bump before slowly drawing to crawl.

The Snoring Sage got up, yawning lazily before glancing at the three of them seated some distance away.

He didn't even bother acknowledging Kane or Master Reina.

He was too lazy to.

"Alright, you too," Rui glanced at Kane and Master Reina. "Disappear."

They nodded, activating their stealth as a staff member opened the door to their private compartment. "Your Highness, Your Sagehood, we have arrived."

"So it would seem," the Sloth Sage stretched, heaving a tired sigh.

"You just rested the entire journey; how are you this lethargic?" Rui furrowed his eyebrows at the Martial Sage. "I'm surprised you managed to become a Martial Sage in the first place."

"One needs to be a Martial Sage to be able to rest without worrying about anything," the man casually remarked. "Otherwise, there's something or the other that will always interrupt your peace, no matter what. I would argue that even becoming a Martial Sage is not enough in some circumstances. This is one of them."

Rui's eyes lit up with interest as he got some insights into the man's Martial drive which may have led him to reach the Sage Realm. Regardless, this wasn't the time to think about the man. "It's time, Your Sagehood," Rui echoed the staff's words. "Let's go."

The Martial Sage heaved a tired sigh, getting as he followed Rui.

Outside was a delegation that awaited them, led by a particularly distinguished man up front.

He had a heavy air of authority around him, instantly drawing Rui's attention.

His attire and appearance were immaculately groomed to perfection, radiating power and authority. His cleanly maintained salt-and-pepper hair and beard conveyed his age, giving him an air of experience and wisdom.

He smiled at Rui as he exited the carriage, accompanied by the Sloth Sage.

"Welcome to the headquarters of the Adventurer's Guild, Prince Rui Quarrier Silas Kandria," a gracious melody serenaded in his voice. "I, Guildmaster Vaughn Shelbous Raubeinon of the Panamic Adventurer's Guild, am pleased and honored to receive the next Emperor of Kandria."

His words conveyed much deference, while his tone and demeanor firmly maintained a proud and powerful image.

"I am pleased and grateful to be received the vaunted guildmaster of the Adventurer's Guild himself," Rui replied, smiling. "Thank you for taking the time out of your busy schedule to indulge me, guildmaster."

"Not at all," he replied graciously. "I was quite pleased to learn of your interest in speaking to me. I hope I am able to aid you with whatever it is that you seek from me. The Adventurer's Guild hopes to build a better relationship with the Kandrian Empire."

He didn't bat an eye at the Sloth Sage behind Rui, remaining entirely unconcerned.

Rui had understood why the moment he had stepped out of the carriage.

He was accompanied by a Martial Sage himself. The woman behind him did an excellent job hiding her aura and blending in with civilians but there was no doubt that she was of the Sage Realm.

"Come, let us speak inside my office, Your Highness," Guildmaster Vaughn smiled, directing Rui inside the enormous headquarters of the Adventurer's Guild. The entire complex seemed to cover a good solid district in the Adventurer's Town, featuring many buildings and facilities.

CLACK

The door opened, and the four of them entered a spacious and extravagant office with an array of shelved books across the entire office. A huge artistic map of the Beast Domain was hung up on the wall behind him, drawing Rui's attention.

"We had that commissioned by one of the best cartographers on the continent," he remarked, noticing Rui's gaze. "The light fantasy themes from the Human Domain turn dark as they go towards the Beast Domain. Beautiful, isn't it?"

"Magnificent," Rui heaved a sigh as he admired the map. The man smiled approvingly. "Have a seat."

The two finally commenced their first meeting.

"I apologize for the rescheduling and postponing," Rui smiled apologetically. "I was deeply preoccupied with some urgent, important matters. Still, that is no excuse for causing you inconvenience."

"Not at all, Your Highness," the man lightly shook his head. "It is rather understandable. After all, the news of the Silas Clan joining the Kandrian Empire has spread across all upper echelons of human civilization in Panama, I dare say."

He threw a knowing look at Rui. Rui smiled wryly. "Indeed, it was rather unforeseen, to a certain extent, but the Kandrian Empire is proud to host the Silas Clan as a residential group of land-owning citizens." VịSit no(v)3lb/!n(.)c𝒐m for new 𝒏ov𝒆l𝒔

The guildmaster's eyes lit up with interest. "There are many tales and legends of them that have spread through the years. I wonder how many of them are true and how many aren't."

"I have experienced their power firsthand, guildmaster," Rui smiled proudly. "I can assure you that their power is very real."

His words were sincere. After all, Matriarch Nephi had provided him with more information on the Divine Doctor's location than all of humanity combined just through the sheer power of her prophecy. The feat allowed Rui to understand just why they were hunted so much throughout history.

"It begs the question; is the Silas Clan open to trading their prophetic power?" The guildmaster asked Rui with a pointed interest. He didn't hide how much he would look forward to that.

"The Eye of Prophecy technique is one that requires the user to pay a heavy price," Rui remarked. "It is not something that they are willing to trade lightly, but…"

-



Chapter 1875 Tentative Agreement

"…we might be willing to do so for certain services and trade in return."

Guildmaster Vaughn clearly hoped that this would be the case.

"The Adventurer's Guild is willing to bend over backward for the Silas Clan's prophetic services; I can assure you of that much," he eagerly replied.

"Raw ingredients for longevity potions," Rui replied straightforwardly. "They can only be found within the Beast Domain, for the most part, and the organization that is able to supply the most reliable, accurate, and precise information regarding these natural resources is the Adventurer's Guild."

The Adventurer's Guild had its own guild corps that could be deployed by the guild for various purposes. Unlike a majority of other resources, the Adventurer's Guild did not sell intelligence for the location of the resources required for longevity potions.

This was because longevity potions were strategically precious. There were many powerful individuals across human civilization who were willing to pay fortunes to acquire the chance to prolong their lifespan.

The profit margins for longevity potions were one of the highest for any goods or services, almost as high as that of Martial Artists.

It was too much of a waste for the Adventurer's Guild to allow adventurers to get their hands on it. Thus, they deployed their guild corps to acquire the resources needed for longevity potions.

Of course, this approach was limited only to extremely precious resources.

What Rui was proposing, however, was to allow the Silas Clan to get their hands on the raw materials needed for the longevity potions in return for their prophecy services.

"Hmmm…" Guildmaster Vaughn considered the proposal.

It wasn't a light one.

However, it definitely had merit. For one, Rui demanded information that was strategically valuable, similar to the prophecies of the Silas Clan.

"I am open to a certain amount of trade with the Silas Clan in this regard after some guarantees of the value of their prophecies and an established trade rate," he finally said.

"That's fine and all, but it is you who seeks the prophecy techniques," Rui replied. "The Silas Clan is open to trading the prospects of longevity potions, but an excessive number of demands is not something they will tolerate. There are many other sources of longevity potions besides the Adventurer's Guild. However, there is only one source of prophecies in this world."

Rui had a point.

Although the Adventurer's Guild was most successful with harvesting the raw ingredients in the Beast Domain, they were far from the only ones. They didn't have a majority of market share.

The Beast Domain was too large.

It was too large and far too many Martial Artists scoured its depths. It was impossible for the Adventurer's Guild to monopolize the longevity potions.

However, the Silas Clan had indeed monopolized prophecy, reducing supply and increasing its value.

Guildmaster Vaughn knew that he was at a disadvantage in terms of the intrinsic value of the services that they were trading.

"The details can be hashed out by our respective teams," Rui continued. "As long as you are open to trade, a deal that is fair to both sides can most likely be reached."

Guildmaster Vaughn smiled. "That is true. I shall have my administration contact your factions regarding the details."

"That'll do," Rui replied, unconcerned.

He had already properly grilled his faction in regard to how to handle these kinds of business even if he wasn't there.

Besides, he was sure that his grandmother would be interested in this venture. Longevity potions were extremely expensive and generally weren't for sale in the open market. However, if Silas Chan could bring back their own supply of raw ingredients from the Beast Domain, the total cost would reduce significantly than if they had to redeem one from the Martial Union by completing a large number of commissions.

On top of that, the lifespan lost by offering a handful of prophetic services to the guildmaster would be far less than the lifespan they gained by getting their hands on longevity potions by harvesting resources from the Beast Domain.

"So, what brings you to the Adventurer's Guild?" The man asked after they reached a tentative agreement. "I must confess, I was interested in hearing what it was that you sought me for. The Adventurer's Guild has not had the…best relationship with the Kandrian Empire, unfortunately."

"I won't comment on my father's stance towards the Adventurer's Guild," Rui remarked. "I am not yet Emperor, after all. The Emperor's stance is Kandria's stance, for now." Ne/w novel chapt𝒆rs are p/u/blished on no/vel(/bin(.)c/o/m

The guildmaster smiled at the addition at the end of the sentence. "For now, yes."

Rui smiled back as the man happily interpreted it favorably. He had no idea that Rui had no intention of ascending the throne if he could do anything about it.

In fact, he had absolutely no idea that the reason Rui was seeking him was precisely to ensure that he didn't have to ascend the throne as the third Emperor of Kandria.

"I am looking for someone," Rui clarified. "Someone in the Beast Domain. I hoped that the Adventurer's Guild would aid me in finding it."

The guildmaster was hardly surprised. "Many people go missing in the Beast Domain. After all, it is easily the most perilous region to find yourself in, in the Panama Continent. The Adventurer's Guild has an entire department targeted towards recording and finding missing people, though we are accustomed to extremely low success rates. Naturally, I am willing to employ the guild's resources to aid you. Can you provide me with the identity of this person?"

Rui shook his head. "The identity is…sensitive. It is not something I am able to share."

The guildmaster nodded understandingly. "Naturally, we understand the confidentiality of the information of our premium clientele. We have developed strict need-to-know protocols when it comes to the handling of private and confidential information of our clientele. I can assure you that it will not be leaked."

Rui highly doubted he could make that guarantee with powerful international intelligence brokers such as the Beggar's Sect and the Shadow Guild. Even if he could, informing him that he was searching for the Divine Doctor was far too much of a risk.

-



Chapter 1876  Seeking Data



"I cannot share the identity of the individual, unfortunately," Rui shook his head, denying the guildmaster's offer.

"I certainly understand that," Guildmaster Vaughn graciously replied. "I shall respect that decision. However, it is impossible for us to find the person you seek without their identity or some identifying element."

"That's fine," Rui replied. "What I seek is information. Information about the Beast Domain. Information that only the Adventurer's Guild has."

"Ah," the guildmaster understood why Rui had sought him. "That is certainly more amenable. It is true that no organization in the world understands the Beast Domain better than the Adventurer's Guild. I can recommend information packages that you might want to consider purchasing from us unless you have a good idea of exactly what it is you seek."

"I am open to the former," Rui admitted. "However, I do have some ideas as to what it is I need."

"Oh? Pray tell, then."

"Specifically, I am looking for data on acute ecological and environmental change across danger zones up to Master-level in the Beast Domain," Rui replied. "I am aware that the Beast Domain is in a constant state of chronic ecological and environmental change due to the continuous displacement migration of beasts. I, however, am not looking for that."

Rui stared at him with a pointed look. "I want data on abrupt and acute changes that cannot be explained by the displacement migration or the Beast Convergence Theory."

The guildmaster frowned at Rui's words. "That…is not what I was expecting, I must confess. I am unsure as to how this data can help you find an individual person. However, I am willing to aid you nonetheless."

Rui smiled. "Thank you, it is certainly much appreciated."

The guildmaster's confusion was understandable. Rui would have been very confused had he been in the man's place himself. However, the Beggar Sage had been very clear. The Divine Doctor was a man who left chaos in his wake everywhere he went. He had essentially told Rui to follow his trail of unique chaos.

This was extremely difficult because the Beast Domain was inherently very chaotic.

It certainly wasn't possible to accomplish it by exploring the Beast Domain by himself. That's why the data of the Adventurer's Guild would certainly be very useful. The reason he asked for acute and abrupt changes was because change, to a certain extent, was constant. He needed change that was not part of the usual consequences of human encroachment or beast convergence.

Only then could he find clues as to what the Divine Doctor had done and where he had been.

On top of that, thanks to the Beggar Sage providing him with when and where the Divine Doctor entered the Beast Domain, Rui knew where to start looking. He could corroborate the data of the Adventurer's Guild of the Valley of Prisms at the time that the Divine Doctor had allegedly entered it and verify to see if the Beggar Sage's assertion that the Divine Doctor was a man who spread chaos was true or not.

Of course, Rui doubted that he would be wrong.

This was the immortal leader and founder of the Beggar's Sect, after all.

More importantly, once Rui gained a sample of what the 'chaos' the Divine Doctor spread looked like in terms of ecological and environmental data, he will have gained what could thought of as a chaos signature in the form of patterns in statistical data measuring change in ecological and environmental parameters.

This would allow Rui to be able to roughly develop a trail for the Divine Doctor through time and the Beast Domain. Unfortunately, the precision would drastically reduce further in the future Rui tried inferring the possible paths through pattern recognition.

This was where his grandmother's prophecy came in. It drastically reduced the possible locations for the Divine Doctor, which would ensure the precision of his pattern recognition would remain. Thê sourc𝗲 of this conte/nt n/o/v/(𝒆l)bi((n))

As for finding the exact location of the Divine Doctor, Rui hoped that his own innate capabilities, like the predictive model, fauna flow, and the Angel of Laplace, could cover the final hurdle to physically finding the Divine Doctor in the flesh in the Beast Domain.

These four sources of information would come together and allow Rui to find the man he had been looking for.

"As I said, I am naturally willing to provide this data, but I'm afraid it is not something that can be sold for free," the guildmaster smiled wryly. "Name your price," Rui shrugged. He had so much wealth that wealth had lost all meaning to him at this point. Rui wasn't sure if he would ever undertake purely commercial commissions ever again. If he did undertake them, it would be for experience or for purposes other than monetary remuneration.

"I'll have the amount compiled and sent to you," Guildmaster Vaughn assured. "In the meantime, I can provide some luxurious guest suites for you and your convoy while you wait."

"That would be appreciated," Rui replied. The two chit-chatted lightly about several topics before it finally came to an end. While guided by staff to luxury suites, Rui couldn't help but begin planning the inevitable switch that he would need to make with Master Reina at some point. He needed to quickly come up with thorough plans to ensure that nobody noticed it or suspected Master Reina of being him.

He began inspecting the layout of the buildings and their architecture, security measures, and other factors that would be relevant in formulating a successful switch plan. Of course, Rui highly doubted that doing it within the guild headquarters was the most optimal way of doing it.

Regardless, it was best to always consider all his options at his disposal. He would definitely need to spend some time studying the data that the guild would provide him. He could simultaneously scout his potential options to make the switch as cleanly as possible. Over the next few days, he had a lot of work to do.

-





Chapter 1877  Statistical Anomalies



Rui's luxury suite was, well, luxurious. It was the kind that would be used to house extremely important and special guests, after all. One of the things that Rui was pleased about was that the guildmaster did not mess around and rather quickly supplied Rui with all the data that he sought.

He found a box on the table in his suite that contained thick and dense piles of documents and files after he returned from a relaxing tub bath.

He had no interest in beating around the bush.

Immediately diving into the pile, fishing out what served as an index for which files contained what.

"Valley of Prisms…ah, there it is," Rui spotted the document that contained what he was looking for.

The empirical data of ecological and environmental parameters of the Valley of Prisms in the past few decades. Now, all he needed to do was observe the changes in the Valley of Prisms in that timeframe, subtract the changes that occurred constantly and uniformly, and look for any potentially abrupt disruption during the time period that the Divine Doctor was supposed to have arrived at the Valley of Prisms, according to the Beggar Sage.

The data provided had all kinds of tabular data, graphs, and charts pertaining to things like population count of fauna and flora, food chain demographics, changes in topography, land, and air, as well as fluctuations in evaluated danger level.

Simply glancing through the data confirmed to Rui that there was indeed a constant change. One that lined up with the Beast Convergence Theory presented by the Ecologer, an immortal sage who had been granted immortality by the Beggar Sage for her extraordinary progress and contributions to ecology.

The data demonstrated a tendency for migration of fauna species towards the center of the Beast Domain. Herbivorous species slowly moved toward the center of the Beast Domain while grazing on lands.

Carnivorous species began hunting for prey in regions closer to the center.

That did not mean their progress was unstopped.

The Beast Domain grew more dangerous the deeper one went in. This was because the threat level of all species rose significantly. Thus, when species of the Beast Domain tried moving deeper, they ran into stronger beasts that were often territorial, which restricted their migration.

There were also often topographical and environmental barriers. A drastic shift in the environment would hamper migration since these species would not be able to sustainably live in such conditions.

Thus, migration efforts were stalled and bounced back.

In the Valley of Prisms, this was exactly why the migration efforts.

That was until Rui reached the year that the Divine Doctor was supposed to have entered the Valley of Prisms. "Woah…" Rui's eyebrows furrowed as there was a sudden spike in several parameters.

During that year, the Valley of Prisms experienced mass migration from the various species that did live in the valley at the time. They all, rather abruptly, moved away.

"This…" Rui's eyes lit up with interest. Thê sourc𝗲 of this conte/nt n/o/v/(𝒆l)bi((n))

Simultaneously, during that time, flora health began decreasing significantly as plants and trees, esoteric or otherwise, began dying up and even rotting while they were still alive.

This persisted for a brief period before it stopped, and the flora slowly recovered. The fauna also eventually returned.

It was marked as an anomaly whose cause was entirely unknown to this day. Some meta-analyses have been conducted that hypothesized that a powerful monster with potentially poisonous esoteric capabilities had traveled through the forest at the time.

However, Rui disagreed.

"Unique chaos," Rui remarked with delight. It lined up with the tips that the Beggar Sage had told Rui when looking for the Divine Doctor. He was already very credible due to his position and known capabilities. And the fact that his words appeared to be true lent further credit to them.

This was the easy part since he had the data on the valley during the time period that the Divine Doctor was confirmed to be in the Valley of Prisms.

'The difficult part starts from here on out," Rui narrowed his eyes.

He had no idea where the Divine Doctor had gone. He had no idea how fast he had moved. The only path forward was scouring through all the data and finding patterns similar to what had happened in the Valley of Prisms.

'Thankfully, pattern recognition is my strongest suit,' Rui smiled as he immediately got to work.

The most likely direction that the Divine Doctor would take was probably going to be straight ahead towards the center. The probability that he would take a steep turn to the right or left from the Valley of Prisms was extremely low. Otherwise, he would have directly gone straight to that location rather than going through the Valley of Prisms.

Unfortunately for Rui, the Beast Domain was a more chaotic place than he had expected. The data from the Adventurer's Guild showed how little about the Beast Domain humanity truly understood.

There were many abrupt and colossal data shifts.

There were little to no explanations for most of them. It was so frequent that the data landscape resembled the seismograph readings of an earthquake. It was utterly incomprehensible.

While he could be reasonably certain, based on the overlapping timing, that the Divine Doctor had caused the mass emigration of the Valley of Prisms, he could not ascertain where the Divine Doctor had gone from there on out by looking for statistical anomalies in the ecological and environmental data because there were too many of them.

"Damn, stopped at the second step," Rui cursed. As far as he could see, there were three possibilities as to where the Divine Doctor had gone on from there out if Rui used the 'chaos' searching method that the Beggar Sage had told him about.

These were three locations that were somewhat close to the Valley of Prisms but deeper into the Beast Domain. Each had its own ecological anomaly shortly after the mass emigration of the Valley of Prism, presenting Rui with three possible paths that the Divine Doctor might have taken.

-



Chapter 1878 Three Possibilities

﻿﻿The first was the Forest of Fear, which was some distance further into the Beast Domain after the Valley of Prisms. This was a forest with flora and fauna that had a special effect on the mind that caused the target to become more neurotic and prone to experiencing negative emotions, particularly fear.

The second region was the Caves of Penance, which was some distance from the side of the Forest of Fear to its right. This was a region of cave tunnels created by a species of giant ants that could dig through hard rock like it was clay, forming an enormous number of winding cave tunnels that wove through the bedrock and the mountains of the region.

The third region was some distance to the left of the Forest of Fear; the Sea of Solitude. This was a rather peculiar esoteric water body that extended far beyond the eye could see. The strange thing about the sea was that its waters were comprised of a strange esoteric that allowed land animals to breathe its water in without suffering any problems. It allowed animals to get their oxygen the same way they would in the air.

In the first region, the recorded anomaly was that on one fine day, all the fear from the Forest of Fear disappeared. The substances that were responsible for inducing fear had all been extracted from the region, temporarily depriving it of any and all fear.

It was no longer the Forest of Fear!

It was a very bizarre occurrence that many Beast Domain ecologists and experts were unable to comprehend or explain.Thê sourc𝗲 of this conte/nt n/o/v/(𝒆l)bi((n))

In the second region, the Cave of Penance, the anomaly was that all of the giant ants had one day died seemingly simultaneously.

These ants were spread across a region that was as large as a country, and yet they had all simultaneously fallen dead.

It was utterly incomprehensible.

The third Region, the Sea of Solitude, experienced a sudden crisis. The esoteric substance that allowed for underwater breathing had been extracted, causing the animals that relied on it to breathe underwater to drown on the spot. This caused a mass extinction of life in the sea, with most life forms that had adapted to that environment dying on the spot.

Magically, the substance had been restored shortly after, but it was already too late. In the many years that had passed since then, the ecosystem had slowly repopulated from the small portion of surviving species. However, the cause of the anomaly has never been understood by anybody to this day.

"Hmmmm..." Rui narrowed his eyes as his mind furiously burst into action.

He knew the first region that the Divine Doctor had visited in the Beast Domain was the Valley of Prisms, according to the Beggar Sage; there was no doubt about that.

However, where he had gone after that was difficult.

Following the Beggar Sage's criteria of chaos, Rui could narrow the next place that the Divine Doctor had visited, one of the three aforementioned places that had each suffered a chaotic disruption, which made them viable candidates.

Rui didn't know which one had been visited by the Divine Doctor.

That wasn't the only issue.

The possible regions that the Divine Doctor had visited after that rose exponentially as each of the three regions opened a path for several potential regions that experienced disruptions where the Divine Doctor might have visited.

"Tsk," Rui tutted. "In other words, I cannot use this method to accurately derive exactly where the Divine Doctor has gone."

He could only come up with an impractical number of possibilities that didn't give him a good understanding of exactly where the Divine Doctor was.

The statistical approach itself did not have as much data as he needed to narrow down the paths that the Divine Doctor had taken. In other words, he would need an on-the-ground investigative approach to figure out where the Divine Doctor had gone from there.

"If that's the case, then I better commit all of this to memory before I enter the Beast Domain," Rui glanced at the many stacks of documents within the large box.

This way, he would not be lost when he entered the Beast Domain and found something significant. He would be able to rely on the data even when deep within the Beast Domain.

For nearly anyone else, memorizing this much data within a short amount of time was impossible, but Rui effortlessly gobbled the data up, committing it to his Mind Palace.

He noticed that the data provided by the Adventurer's Guild grew less precise and less extensive regarding information that was deeper in the Beast Domain.

This made sense; it was exponentially easier to record data regarding regions at the edge of the Beast Domain that were closer to humanity due to their proximity, due to sensing being less hampered due to its distance from the center of the Beast Domain, and due to the really low danger-level of regions and zones in the extremities of the Beast Domain.

The deeper regions and zones were much more dangerous. There was almost no information about Master-level zones or regions in the Beast Domain that tended to be deeper into the Beast Domain.

In other words, the regions and zones that were deeper into the Beast Domain were a complete black box even for the Adventurer's Guild.

Zones ranked in the Upper Realms were so dangerous that only Martial Artists of the Upper Realms were deemed qualified to survive.

With so few people qualified to enter a region where sensory prowess was hampered due to environmental regions unique to the Beast Domain, reconnaissance was an absolute nightmare.

Rui was glad that the Beggar Sage was confident that the Divine Doctor could not survive Master-level zones and regions near the core of the Beast Domain because Rui was not qualified to survive in those zones.

Master-level danger rating indicated that a zone was so dangerous that one needed to be a Martial Master to survive indefinitely, and anything lesser was bound to die soon.

-



Chapter 1879  First Step



Since the Divine Doctor, for all his biological and medical prowess, could not survive Master-level zones, that means Rui could firmly rule out zones that were deeper into the Beast Domain.

It made his job easier.

It wasn't long before he finished memorizing all the data that he needed to.

Once that was done, he had no reason to stick around anymore.

"Er, Your Highness, are you leaving so soon?" Guildmaster Vaughn frowned as Rui abruptly informed him of his departure on short notice. "You have just arrived, and we have yet to be able to prepare a feast for this occasion."

Rui smiled. "I'm sorry about the short notice and the abrupt departure. However, I am pressed with urgent matters that require my immediate attention. The information that I sought from you was relevant to it. Thus, I personally came to acquire it."

"But…"

"I look forward to speaking with you in a more extended meeting next time," Rui continued. "I shall invite you to the Kandrian Empire next time, and perhaps we can finalize some agreements pertaining to greater cooperation between the Kandrian Empire and the Adventurer's Guild when I ascend the throne."

Clearly, the guildmaster was pleased to hear that. "Why, most certainly, Your Highness," he remarked courteously. "I shall look forward to that. In addition, there is an ongoing potential agreement regarding the Silas Clan and the longevity potions. Our respective staff have already begun negotiations, too, after all."

"Indeed, I believe that we can reach an agreement in this regard," Rui nodded encouragingly. "On that note, I shall take my leave; I am grateful for the hospitality during my brief stay here and look forward to our next meeting."

"I, too, am eager to build a working relationship with you, Your Highness," the man smiled. "It is unfortunate that you are pressed with urgency this time. Thus, we will have to leave it for next time."

They bade each other goodbye as Rui boarded his royal carriage before it took off into the air from the guild headquarters estate into the air.

Rui smirked mischievously once he was alone with the Sloth Sage in the compartment of the carriage. His body began to warp as his shoulders shortened, his hips widened and his chest expanded, growing larger while his face and head changed.

"Hehehe… first target fooled," Master Reina chuckled as she scribbled down on a notepad. The Sloth Sage didn't mind her, having been on the plan for quite some time and having aided with the switch.

"He was a shrewd and sharp man, yet he wasn't able to see through my act," She grinned smugly. "Pretty convincing, am I not?"

"To anybody below the Sage Realm, yes," the Sloth Sage lazily remarked. "But a Martial Sage will see right through you, in person at least."

"Rui said he entrusted that part to you."

"…Yes, unfortunately," the Sloth Sage heaved a tired sigh. "Just keep a low profile and don't do anything that would warrant you meeting a Martial Sage. I'll handle the rest."

"Mmmm, I wonder how far those two are now," Reina voiced her thoughts. Ne/w novel chapt𝒆rs are p/u/blished on no/vel(/bin(.)c/o/m

Many kilometers away, two hooded men watched the carriage flash away from the town at incredibly high speeds. Around them were crowds of customers and clients looking to make commissions from the Adventurer's Guild or from the many Martial Artists around them directly.

"Welp, no turning back now," Kane remarked. Rui stared at the distant carriage, closing his eyes. "…Yeah."

He turned around, heading back to the guild headquarters.

"No turning back now."

His voice was determined.

"Wait up," Kane caught up to him. "So what now?"

His appearance was much different than normal. As was Rui's, returning to the silver hair that he had fashioned during his eight-year exile from the Kandrian Empire, using the appearance-altering technique that Master Reina had taught him while he trained under her.

"Now, we register as adventurers," Rui replied.

"Well, do you intend to undertake commissions for the Beast Domain?"

"No," Rui shook his head. "But I want to avoid relying on the resources of my faction because that will give me away with the sheer number of eyes on my faction at the moment. The Adventurer's Guild will be useful for procuring resources relevant to the Beast Domain."

Of course, this was merely a precautionary measure. Rui had already come loaded with everything he would ever need in his entire life.

Underneath the hood were layers of belts that were armed with all kinds of useful and necessary tools, artifacts, and instruments that would come in handy in the Beast Domain and its extreme environment.

"Won't registering in the Adventurer's Guild expose us since we need to give identities?"

Rui shook his head. "The Adventurer's Guild is very lax about identity requirements. This is to ensure that they are able to maximize the number of Martial Artists who will register to become Martial Artists."

Many Martial Artists were in a position where they could not reveal their identity. Usually because they were in hostilities with a given state and did not want to be exposed. This excluded them from being eligible to register with a lot of Martial brokers or mercenary groups that sold their Martial services to the highest bidder.

The Adventurer's Guild did not even require any proof of identity. This was why it was extremely alluring for Martial Artists who wanted to work without having their identities exposed. It was perfect for Rui in his current circumstances.

The two of them got to experience the adventurer town in its rawest self. They navigated dense, bustling crowds filled with Martial Artists and civilians who each sought to participate in the market as suppliers and consumers in the adventurer industry. The atmosphere was electric and infectious, riling anybody it touched.

Kane grew more excited while Rui maintained his calm and composure. The latter knew that he had entered a period of his life that would require a lot of patience and perseverance.

Thus began the first step towards finding the Divine Doctor.

-



Chapter 1880  Different



Rui got a closer look at Adventurer Town when he physically moved around by himself. This was much different from watching it from afar in his carriage. He had to admit the spirit and energy of the town was contagious.

Perhaps it was because everybody around him walked with a purpose, direction, and drive. This was a town where not a single normal resident remained. It existed solely for the purpose of serving as an avenue for consumers and suppliers of Beast Domain-related Martial Art services.

Every single person was searching for something.

Ambition and determination flickered in the eyes of the Martial Artists round Rui, be they Apprentice, Squire, or even Senior. No matter their Realm, Martial Artists threw who themselves in the Beast Domain day in and day out were built different from those who only completed regular and normal civilian commissions.

It was the difference between soldiers who were regularly deployed on the frontlines and those whose services in an army involved being extremely far from any danger. Rui could instinctively tell that these Martial Artists were different. There was an edge in their eyes that conveyed implicit peril. These were Martial Artists who were forged in adversity that was born from throwing themselves in the Beast Domain.

Rui respected that, regardless of their Realm. He appreciated it because it was equally infectious. It subconsciously primed him for the magnitude that he was undertaking.

He couldn't help but notice that the number of Martial Seniors was proportionally low. And thus far, he had yet to see a single Martial Master.

It made sense.

While Martial Apprentices and Martial Squires needed to go out and do groundwork if they wanted to gain personal customers and clients outside of the guild or go procure missions in the mission library of the Adventurer's Guild, Martial Seniors, and Martial Masters were much more valuable and much more scarce as service providers.

They could get heads of governments and states to personally negotiate with them for an agreement on their services. They did not need to hanker for customers in the Adventurer Town.

It reminded him that he had amassed a lot of power by virtue of reaching something close to the peak of the Senior Realm.

Sometimes, Rui forgot the civilizational significance of Martial Seniors. It was easy to forget this simple fact in the Kandrian Empire, but Martial Seniors were powerful when one looked at human civilization through and through.

There were nations like the Commonwealth Duchy of Vinfrana that did not even have Martial Squires, let along Martial Seniors. Rui may as well be an overlord to such small and weak nations.

Even amongst Senior-level groups such as the Kaddar Region and Vilun Island, Rui would today be considered to be unparalleled. Considering that Master Ceeran, when he was still a Martial Senior, was able to beat two Martial Seniors of the G'ak'arkan Tribe simultaneously. Rui, in his current state of power, would be able to completely mop them up.

It was only when he entered Sage-level powerhouses like the Kandrian Empire that Martial Seniors were quite diminished in their significance. The moment Rui stepped out, he could almost instantly feel the esteem that came with being a Martial Senior just looking around.

Of course, Rui and Kane had hidden their presence. Maintaining their furtive approach was more important than flexing auras to boost their egos. STEP

They shuffled through the many bustling crowds, arriving before a large and towering office of the Adventurer's Guild.

"Let's go," Rui remarked as the two of them weaved through the gathering of people at the entrance.

Inside was a large space filled divided into multiple sections. What he saw was beyond his expectations.

"Hahaha! We live to see another day!"

"Drink up, drink up!"

"One more mug of starshine mead!"

On one section was what appeared to be a pub section with tables filled with drunk adventurers drinking away to glory. On the other side was an enormous board with what looked like application forms pinned to it.

Rui raised an eyebrow, quickly identifying them as commissions. They were on public display for everyone to see.

He found it rather strange and interesting that the system was not as robust as that of the Martial Union. The Martial Union had a far more organized and sophisticated system of processing, evaluating, categorizing, and organizing commissions to maximize compatibility between Martial Artists and missions to ensure that the experience gained is relevant to the Martial Artists' specialty.

Here, from what Rui could see, there wasn't nearly as much sophistication.

Of course, Rui knew that he was being unfair.

It was probably impossible to have such a system for the Adventurer's Guild because it was too difficult to have transparency when it came to matters relating to the Beast Domain. The difficulty of gaining information regarding the difficulty of the commissions itself was very high. If the Adventurer's Guild set up an extensive information department that focused on evaluating the difficulty of commissions, then the cost of those services would be included in the total bill from clients. Thê sourc𝗲 of this conte/nt n/o/v/(𝒆l)bi((n))

This would cause massive inflation in the prices of Beast Domain services across the continent, further inflating the prices of goods and services that relied on these missions. It would severely impact the Panamic economy. That was why the Adventurer Guild forewent sophistication in favor of cheaper goods and services. In turn, adventurers suffered. Naturally, the Martial Union did not develop such a scrupulously rigorous evaluation system for fun. It was to ensure that the difficulty of missions was transparent to Martial Artists.

Here, adventurers could not be certain that they would come away alive. Every mission could very well be their final mission realistically. Being an adventurer meant being ready to look death in the eye. It was why they had a different feel to them than the average Martial Artist.

Rui narrowed his eyes as he headed inside. The energetic atmosphere from those celebrating living another day by getting drunk took on a darker and more somber light. -



