Chapter 1721  Adamant



The four royals prepared to meet the Voidreaper.

The plan was simple and straightforward.

There was no need to complicate it.

Divulge their identity.

Acquire the body.

Kill the Voidreaper.

There were sixteen Martial Masters. Against a single Martial Senior.

Yes, he was an extraordinary assassin. They could all honestly admit that he was probably the best Senior-level assassin that they had ever come across. In fact, they felt silly hiring anybody else except the Voidreaper.

Had they hired the Voidreaper alone, he would probably have succeeded with his extraordinary, almost God-like ability to snuff life and bestow death. Sierra had been exactly on the mark when she said he was too good to be excluded due to his condition to learn their identities. Had they not hired him, Rui Quarrier would have escaped and gone to the Martial Union.

Yet, as amazing and extraordinary as he was, he was not defeating sixteen Martial Masters.

Granted, each of those Martial Masters was a bodyguard, not an assassin. Their absolute priority was guaranteeing the safety of the four royals above all else, including their orders. However, such distinctions did not matter when there was a difference of a Realm of power between them and their target. The Martial Masters could easily protect their marks while effortlessly killing him on the spot simultaneously.

Thus, they didn't have anything to fear.

'Then why do I feel so ominous?' Prince Randal narrowed his eyes.

Currently, the four masked royals were moving to the drop-off location in a disguised carriage. The Voidreaper had not been informed about this location beforehand. This was to ensure that there was no way he could spring a trap.

Yet Prince Randal could not help but have an instinct that something was wrong.

Yet he didn't know why.

'Stop,' He shook his head. 'You're good. Everything will be just fine. Rui Quarrier is dead. The Voidreaper will soon die. We will erase their bodies from existence and reality itself. There will be no proof they ever even existed. The Martial Union will not immediately assume Rui is dead and instead assume he's abruptly and erratically traveled as he has many times in the past, and there will be no murder investigation. By the time any suspicions about his death arise many months or a year later, it will be too late. They will never have any reason to even begin to suspect us or me.'

The rationale was calm and collected. It was logical. Yet, he couldn't shake off the feeling that it was dead wrong.

Regardless, he forged on. It was too late to make any changes, even if he wanted to. And there was no doubt that the outcome of Rui Quarrier's death was highly desirable to him.

Soon enough, the carriage arrived at the drop-off.

An old warehouse in a remote, backward district had been secretly fitted with sensory disguisers, meaning they would not prevent a Martial Artist's senses from peering into the building but would trick them into seeing something else.

It was the best measure that they could muster to ensure there was no way of anybody getting suspicious.

The carriage paused such that the door opened directly to a discreet passage with anti-sensory measures to ensure there wasn't a single moment where their persons were exposed.

The passage directly led to a shabby room with a large table and chairs on both ends.

They took their seats with heavy hearts.

"When is he arriving?" Princess Ranea turned to Sierra.

"Very soon, Your Highness," Sierra casually replied. "Rest assured that we have made all necessary preparations. We will acquire the body. And the Voidreaper will not leave this place alive. No Martial Senior can resist a Martial Master."

They nodded, growing more relieved.

Several tense minutes passed by.

The silence was deafening.

The district they were in was in a remote, boring town that didn't have much going on. It was actually a village a year ago that had finally just barely crossed the population count of ten thousand to be considered a town. V/\IssịT n0(v)eL/b(i)(n).𝘤𝑜/𝓂 for the b/est novel reading experi/en/ce

Silence was all there was. "He has entered the district," One of the Martial Masters behind the royals informed them several minutes later. "He is carrying a large case with anti-sensory measures so strong that my senses are unable to peer into it."

"His caution and care are highly professional, as expected of the Voidreaper," Prince Randal nodded.

It would be devastating if the Voidreaper crossed paths with a Martial Artist of the Martial Union whose senses peered into the suit only to discover the dead body of Rui Quarrier.

In that regard, they were grateful that the Voidreaper took such extreme precautions.

"He has arrived at our location." The Master helpfully added. "He is entering the building as we speak."

The four royals prepared themselves. STEP STEP

STEP

STEP

STEP…

The door squeaked open as the Voidreaper entered the room, beholding the four masked royals before him.

A moment of silence emerged as both parties beheld each other for the first time.

The Voidreaper's eyes behind the mask shifted to each of the royals, one after the other, before moving to the sixteen Martial Masters behind each of them.

The air grew electric as the silence lingered for a moment too long.

Until it was broken.

"Welcome, Voidreaper," Prince Randal addressed the Voidreaper as the original proposer of the assassination operation of Rui Quarrier. "We are your contracters."

The Voidreaper stared at him.

A single remark escaped his mouth. "Your identity. Not your masked visage. Remove the masks or..."

The Voidreaper opened the case, showing it to them.

It was empty.

The air grew perilous.

Pure rage flashed across Princess Ranea's face. "What is the meaning of this?"

"Violating our contract voids it," Princess Raemina whispered. "Do you want to die?"

Princess Rafia stared at him with emotionless eyes. "Your actions are irrational."

"Identity first," The Voidreaper's distorted voice was firm and clear. "Body after. Rui Quarrier will be here. That much, I promise."



Chapter 1722  A shock of a Lifetime



"Where is the corpse?" Prince Randal growled. "It is as I said," The Voidreaper firmly pacified. "Identity first. Rui Quarrier later."

"Why should we trust you'll keep your word?" Princess Ranea glared at him.

"Do you trust the sixteen Martial Masters behind you?" The Voidreaper tilted his head. "That's all you need. I cannot violate my agreement, not if I want to get out of here alive. But you can. You have all the leverage and I don't. That is why you will fulfill your end of the agreement first, as agreed. Then, Rui Quarrier will be delivered to you."

"We cannot let you leave without providing the body after you have seen our identity," Princess Rafia remarked. "There is no guarantee you'll return with the body."

The Voidreaper stared at her. "I am not leaving to fetch the body. The body is coming here." V/\IssịT n0(v)eL/b(i)(n).𝘤𝑜/𝓂 for the b/est novel reading experi/en/ce

His eyes flashed across them. "If you want the body, you'll have to divulge your identity. You'll never get the body from me otherwise. You can even threaten or torture me all you want. But you will never get the body."

His eyes were widened.

A glint of insanity sparkled across them.

"Reveal your identities. And I will give you the body. This is what we had originally agreed upon. I have no need for the body. It is useless to me. It only serves as insurance that you will follow through with your end of the agreement. After that, it is useless. I will readily fulfill my agreements. I have a reputation of credibility to maintain. Reputation is everything in the Underworld."

His voice was clear, firm, and even earnest. None of the Martial Masters could detect even a hint of deception.

"How long will it take to come here?"

"Not long,"

The four royals glanced at each other. He had probably handed it over to a trusted subordinate outside of the town.

It was possible for them to deploy a Martial Master to scan the city, but…

It was better to just go through with the agreed plan.

No fuss, no hassle.

Torture, threats, blackmail. All these were extremely time-consuming affairs of extracting information. The probability of something going wrong by the time they extracted information from a veteran assassin increased the longer they took.

The quickest way of getting the body was agreeing to his demands.

He was right; after all, there was no way he could escape. It would take more than sixteen Martial Masters supporting him to ensure that he ddin't die while trying to escape.

On top of that, his death was certain.

Come what may, he was not leaving here alive today.

"Alright," Prince Randal narrowed his eyes. "However, if you deceive us...your death will be painful, excruciating, and long. No, we won't even let you die. We will stuff your body with healing and rejuvenation potions forever. You will suffer for eternity."

The Voidreaper nodded. Prince Randal exchanged glances with each of his siblings before heaving a sigh.

He took off his mask, revealing his identity.

The Voidreaper simply stared for several seconds.

"I am willing to recognize you as one of the alleged clients who commissioned me," The Voidreaper nodded. He turned to the remaining three, waiting.

They took off their masks one by one, bearing their identities to him.

The Voidreaper nodded. "Pleasure doing business with each of you."

"This will be the last time I ask. If I don't like your answer, you will not leave here alive," cold fury flashed on Prince Randal's face. "Where is Rui Quarrier?"

"Where is Rui Quarrier?" The Voidreaper echoed his question. "Funny you should ask because…"

His tone grew enormously perilous.

"He has been standing in this room the entire time."

Master Reina snapped her finger, releasing the many grade-ten Master-level misdirection and stealth techniques she had been simultaneously applying this entire time.

Not to herself, of course.

She had reached a higher stage of mastery; she could freely apply them to anybody anywhere, anyhow, within her sensory range.

What followed next was bound to sear itself as the most horrifying moment in the entirety of Prince Randal's life.

Every night from that moment on, he was bound to get nightmares of the things he saw after those words were uttered.

What followed next was something that was bound to change each of the four royals forever.

Pure horror emerged on Prince Randal's face, crumpling with shock.

Princess Raemina shook in her seat, physically impacted by what followed the Voidreaper's words.

Princess Ranea understood the true meaning of fear that day as chilling terror gripped her heart.

Even the notoriously rational, logical, and unemotional Princess Rafia was not unmoved. For the first time in her life, her expression morphed into one of shock.

After all, an event that seemed to defy causality ensued.

"Man, the Martial Union is going to love this when I show it to them," Rui Quarrier remarked with an excited smirk as he held a premium hand-held omnidirectional recording device.

Not only was he alive.

He had appeared out of nowhere.

Behind the Voidreaper.

In that instant, the four royals, the sixteen Martial Masters, and Sierra had each gotten metaphorical heart attacks.

Sierra might have gotten a real one, though, considering she fell unconscious.

None of them could move.

They each stared at Rui with unadulterated, unfiltered, unhindered, unhampered, uninhibited, and unreal raw shock and horror.

Not only had they seen a dead man come back to life.

They had seen him appear out of thin air.

"Hehehe, nice, nice," Rui nodded, chuckling. "I'm going to take a frame of your shocked faces and hang it on my wall before I go to sleep.

His words broke them out of their reverie.

"KILL HIM!!!!!!!!!" Prince Randal bellowed, standing up. "KIIIIIIIIILLL HIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIMNMNMNHNMGHHHHEEEBAHSHEUUUH!!!!1!!!!!!1!!!!!!!11!!!!1!!!"

It was an impulsive, emotional decision. Yet the Martial Masters behind him obeyed. Time slowed down to a crawl in their vision.

An enormous amount of bloodlust converged on Rui. They were to kill him.

He was to die.

Yet Master Reina was faster. She flashed, blurring even to the reflexes of the Martial Masters who were lashing out at Rui, much to their greatest shock.

SPLAT SPLAT SPLAT SPLAT!

The Martial Masters froze in horror as they turned back, glancing at their marks.

…DRIP DRIP DRIP DRIP



Chapter 1723 The Rui Quarrier Gambit

﻿﻿"…Eh?" Prince Randal's eyes widened as a deep gash appeared on his body, leaking blood.

"AARRRGRHRH!" Princess Raemina screeched, undignified, in pain as she held her wound.

"Rgh!" Princess Raemina gritted her teeth as her eyes watered, spilling out in tears.

Princess Rafia had not moved an inch. Her expression had been frozen in shock, unchanged ever since Rui Quarrier appeared out of nowhere.

Words could not describe what the Martial Masters felt at that scene.

They had one job.

One job.

"Your Highnesses!" The Martial Masters roared with horror as they returned to their marks, gritting their teeth as they pulled out healing potions.

They had been caught horrifically off-guard. It could be argued that no Martial Master in the history of Martial Art was as caught off-guard as they did.

After all, Martial Seniors did not randomly turn into Martial Masters.

Martial Seniors did not randomly instantaneously transform into legendary assassins within the Master Realm.

Martial Seniors did not possess the ability to move faster than they could even see!

"I'm going to be real straight with you, fellas," her voice was mischievous. "I most certainly cannot defeat sixteen Martial Masters simultaneously. Not that strong, unfortunately."

Her horrifying bloodlust intensified.

RUMBLE

It shook heaven and earth.

Even Rui felt chills crawling up his skin as he stared at her.

She radiated bloodlust like the Sun radiated light.

Just how much bloodlust could one person possibly emit?!

"…I cannot defeat sixteen Martial Masters, but I can assassinate people who are protected by sixteen Martial Masters. It's lower than my actual record," She continued as her smirk deepened.

"…Go ahead and kill Rui Quarrier if you want," smug apathy radiated from Master Reina's voice. "In exchange, I will kill the four royals. Tit for tat. Eye for an eye. You scratch my back; I scratch yours. Deal?"

The Voidreaper chuckled as a deeper horrifying blood-curdling bloodlust emerged from him. Her grin widened even more as she activated the full might of her Martial Mind.

Her Martial Embodiment bloomed in all its clandestine glory. The Martial Masters gritted their eyes as they covered the eyes of their marks with an opaque wind barrier, lest their minds be eroded by the sheer weight of her Martial Embodiment.

Lesser beings were not qualified to witness the true splendor of a Martial Master.

Rui's eyes widened as the world around them disappeared.

The room.

The chairs.

It was darkness.

It was silent.

It was…

'A shadow,' Rui felt chills crawling up his spine. 'Her shadow!'

He recognized the silhouette of the shadow that encompassed the world around them.

Everybody was within her shadow.

Everybody was at her mercy.

"Your lone might cannot overcome ours!" The Martial Masters roared.

Sixteen Martial Embodiments bloomed across the room.

A spiked shield, a transparent barrier, a flaming torch, a netted armor.

The sixteen Martial Masters prepared themselves to take her down while simultaneously protecting the royals from any further harm.

They physically guarded the royals.

They also mentally protected the royals by ensuring that Master Reina's Martial Embodiment never once reached their eyes by creating an opaque air barrier that restricted light.

This time, they were not going to be caught off-guard.

It was just one Martial Master.

Except it wasn't.

WHOOSH!

Master Gurren appeared out of nowhere, his Martial Mind already active.VịSit no(v)3lb/!n(.)c𝒐m for new 𝒏ov𝒆l𝒔

His domain Martial Embodiment flared, shocking the sixteen Martial Masters once more.

His eyes narrowed as his arms reached out, bending heaven.

The air barrier protecting the royals from the Martial Embodiments was dispelled by his expert mastery.

For just a few microseconds, the royals witnessed eighteen Martial Embodiments.

WHOOSH!

Sixteen Martial Masters physically barricaded the light as they gritted their teeth.

"Hehehe…" Rui chuckled, even as he inwardly struggled to resist the pressure of eighteen Martial Masters. "That was close. The human brain only has a visual perception framerate of sixty FPS, so I doubt that they saw anything. Still…"

Rui's grin widened. "Imagine if they did."

It was precisely at that moment that the sixteen Martial Masters made a profound realization.

These circumstances are untenable.

If the royals hadn't been here, this would have been game over.

One dangerous high-grade Martial Master and a mid-grade Martial Master could not defeat sixteen mid-grade Martial Masters in a fair fight.

It was not possible.

Patently in the domain of impossibility.

All eighteen Martial Masters knew this.

However, as they had just realized, this was not a fair fight.

"It's not a fight at all."

Rui's tone was calm and composed.

His smile was confident.

"You certainly can kill all three of us…" He affirmed the unspoken truth. "Only if you are willing to let the royals die, either physically or mentally."

He didn't clarify.

He didn't need to.

The equation was laid out.

Just like how Rui could kill a target protected by sixteen Martial Seniors through Greater Phantomind Void and other powerful tools he had developed, Master Reina, too, had the potential to kill the four royals protected by sixteen Martial Masters.

Could either of them defeat sixteen Martial Artists of their respective Realms?

No.

But defeating in combat and assassinating targets protected by were two entirely different things.

The sixteen Martial Masters had truly felt this truth in their bones.

Master Reina was the physical threat. Through her absurd stealth and misdirection, blinding speed, an extraordinary assassinating lethality, she could inflict lethal wounds on them, wiggling through the defenses of the Martial Masters.

Master Gurren, on the other hand, threatened the royals mentally. Through his deeply mastered expert control over heaven, he could strip away any barrier that protected the royals from the Martial Embodiments. The moment the Martial Masters directed their energy to kill Reina and Rui, he would strip all barriers protecting their vision.

It would damage them mentally.

And the ones who would be doing the damage would be the sixteen Martial Masters themselves, through their Martial Embodiments.

This was a soul-revolting outcome for them!

They gritted their teeth as they surrounded the royals in an air-tight circle, glaring murderously at the three on the other side of the room.

"So what's it going to be, Your Masteries?" Rui casually asked as he took a seat at the table. "Our heads at the cost of the royals...or a sensible retreat to let them live another day?"



Chapter 1724  Perspective



Life had become a blur for the four royals ever since Rui Quarrier had been unveiled. One moment, Prince Randal ordered his Martial Masters to attack, and the very next, a gash had been inflicted on him and his half-sisters.

It couldn't be helped. The Martial Masters and even Rui lived on an entirely different speed, at least as far as combat was concerned. That was what may have taken a lot of time for them in combat and might have been just a split second for the royals.

He had been hurt in a split second and seemingly simultaneously been fed a healing potion, which he was duly inhaling.

It was a lot of blurred darkness.

It was like a bad dream.

In fact, Prince Randal desperately hoped it was a bad dream.

Perhaps he had nodded off the morning of the assassination, having a horrible nightmare caused by his nervousness. Perhaps everything had gone smoothly, and this was a nightmare he was having later that day.

Perhaps he was just dreaming stuff up; maybe Rui Quarrier didn't exist at all.

"So what's it going to be, Your Masteries?" Rui Quarrier's voice broke him out of his stupor. "Our heads the cost of the royals…or a sensible retreat to live another day?"

Prince Randal's eyes widened as he gained a better inkling of what was happening.

He glanced at the Martial Masters covering him. Their teeth were gritted, and their expressions were grave. '…Are they actually unable to kill them and protect us at the same time?' Prince Randal grew bewildered even as he healed himself.

He didn't understand.

The Martial Masters looked deeply conflicted. Of course, they were entirely unwilling to let any harm befall their marks. Yet, at the same time, they did not want to let Rui Quarrier walk away alive. Especially not when he impertinently held a recording device that had been recording everything that had happened since the Voidreaper entered the meeting.

The air was tense.

Master Reina was excited, just itching to rush over and kill the four royals.

Master Gurren remained impassive, maintaining his calm, ready to ensure that the four royals bore witness to the Martial Embodiments any chance he got.

Rui, on the other hand, was rather remarkably nonchalant. He relaxed on the chair, rocking lightly as he stared at the group of Martial Masters.

Seconds, even a minute passed by.

The Martial Masters struggled to make a decision.

"…What are you doing?" Princess Ranea asked with a severe tone. "Kill them!"

"…It's not that simple, Your Highness," One of her bodyguards replied with gritted teeth. The safety of the four royals was the highest priority of the Martial Master bodyguards. They were paralyzed as long as it was compromised, paralyzed because they could do nothing but protect them.

"…There are sixteen of you!" She yelled. "Just three of them! Go ahead and ki-"

"Ranea," Prince Randal's voice was grave and severe. "Just stop."

Despite being able to command their bodyguards, they were deeply unqualified to do so at that very moment. While Prince Randal possessed a much more thorough understanding of Martial Art and combat dynamics than his sisters, he knew that he didn't couldn't hold the dimmest candle in comparison to their understanding.

They were far and away the most qualified out of them all.

Even at this moment, their powerful minds were furiously considering their combat circumstances. Their eyes were fixed on the two enemy Martial Masters. Every twitch, every shift, every movement they made…it was a language. A high-level form of communication that only Martial Artists of the Upper Realms could engage in. It allowed them to gain a measure of their opponents and the potential outcomes of conflict.

Unbeknownst to Prince Randal, Rui had been participating as well.

A small grin cracked at the edge of Rui's mouth as his eyes shifted across the sixteen enemy Martial Masters.

His message was clear, although he didn't say a word.

The second the sixteen of them were too busy protecting the royals from Reina; he would exploit the opportunity to kill them himself.

"Your Masteries," Prince Randal's voice regained some composure. I leave the decision to you. Whatever the outcome, the four of us will take full responsibility."

"Hah," Rui snorted.

His eyes turned to the four royals standing behind the sixteen Martial Masters. "Responsibility will be the least of your worries when I'm done with you four."

His voice was as cold.

The four royals grew grave at those words.

They didn't need to inquire what he meant by that.

He had absolutely irrefutable proof that they had aimed to assassinate him. He had them by the balls.

The threat it represented to them was not something that they could withstand. If the Martial Union found out that they had tried to assassinate Rui Quarrier…

They didn't even want to think about what would happen.

The best-case scenario was that they would lose all support from the Martial Union.

It was not improbable that they would be tried in a judicial hearing conducted by the Martial Union since it would undoubtedly fall under their jurisdiction as mandated by the Crimes Against Martial Art Act ratified by the first Emperor of the Kandrian Empire in accordance with the Kandrian Martial Covenant.

That meant that they would be charged with murder conspiracy, and the judge would be the Martial Union, with the recording that Rui was making as proof of the crime.

It was game over.

"Your Highnesses…" One of the Martial Masters broke the silence with a resigned tone. "…We should retreat. This is…untenable."

Prince Randal's expression crumpled with grave frustration and rage.

He glared at Rui with ungodly murderous rage. The three princesses were speechless.

Shocked to their very cores. VịSit no(v)3lb/!n(.)c𝒐m for new 𝒏ov𝒆l𝒔

"So be it," A whisper escaped his mouth.

Yet a glint of suspicion flashed in his eyes.

It wasn't directed towards Rui or the Voidreaper.

No.

It was directed at his own Martial Masters.

People he thought he could trust with his life.

"Is it Going so soon already?" Mockery rang in Rui's voice. "Don't worry; we'll be meeting each other soon," a mischievous smirk flashed on his face. "...Very soon."



Chapter 1725  Strategy



WHOOSH

The sixteen Martial Masters disappeared along with their four marks.

All that was left behind was silence.

The three of them simply remained as they were for a few seconds.

"Shame," Master Reina admitted.

"Speak for yourself," Master Gurren snorted, heaving a sigh of relief.

He turned to Rui. "You better give me that parallax technique as promised."

"Will do," Rui smirked. The Master nodded before sky-walking away.

"What now?" Master Reina asked, raising an eyebrow.

"Well, most importantly, I need to get this to a safe place," Rui turned off the recording artifact.

He had gone for a rare recording artifact. It was based on potent esoteric substance that was highly reactive to light and was uniquely altered by the color, intensity, and angle of all light that hit it. Each second of light permanently altered a layer of the orb. Thus, a sphere could store an entire video that could later be reconstructed by doing detailed examinations of each layer.

Thus, it effectively functioned as a video camera. It was also the only real leverage he had over the royals. So, he needed to ensure that nothing happened.

"Where are you going to keep it?" Master Reina asked, curious. "If they get to it, then all this will have been for nothing."

"Well, first, I'll have to make several copies," Rui replied nonchalantly. "That massively reduces the probability of a fiasco. It's never a good idea to have a single point of failure. I will entrust each of the copies to several secure and trusted individuals, with specific instructions on what to do with them under certain circumstances."

His eyes closed. "With that, they can kiss any hopes of getting rid of the evidence goodbye. I have them by the balls."

His voice was firm.

Master Reina smirked, amused. "Nice. But wouldn't it be better to get rid of them entirely by handing in the evidence to the Martial Union?"

"It is an attractive proposal," Rui replied calmly. "But it has issues. Their trial will not entirely restrict their ability to exercise their soft power, not all of it; that is what scares me. The Martial Masters loyal to them will not cease their loyalty just because they're being tried. After all, those same Martial Masters were complicit. They will still obey their commands, most likely to the very end."

Rui narrowed his eyes. "Someone who has nothing to lose is far more dangerous than someone who has everything to lose. What if they…decide they want some revenge before they go down? What if they snap and decide they want to see me suffer even if it only hastens their inevitable fate?"

In particular, he was most worried about Princess Rafia and Princess Raemina.

Both of them were patently insane.

It was not impossible for them to instruct their Martial Masters to kill Rui. Or, they might decide to target his family before commanding the Martial Masters loyal to them to go annihilate the orphanage.

Raemina, in particular, was known to be a viciously vengeful woman. Rui did not want to see what she was capable of when she was no longer shackled by any constraint of any kind. There was no telling what they would do.

"On top of that, if I do as you suggest, I will likely earn the hatred of the Kandrian Seafare Association, the Ministry of Maritime Affairs, the Royal Army, the commercial sector of the Kandrian Empire, the Kandrian government, international forces and powers…" Rui heaved a sigh. "To them, these royals are vessels to achieving their greatest ambitions. A realistic chance to achieve some of their wildest dreams. An enormous amount of power is at stake."

He turned towards Master Reina. "How would you feel if a young Senior brat destroyed your only hope of achieving your greatest ambitions and wildest dreams?"

"Pretty pissed," Master Reina admitted.

"Exactly," Rui replied calmly. "I don't need that pressure. I don't need that hostility. Yes, I have the Martial Union, but that gives them more leverage over me. The more I need their protection, the more they can demand of me."

He shook his head. "As satisfying as it would be to see the royals sentenced to life imprisonment…the risks of them harming me or my family, the dangers of pissing off their backers. These are things I cannot contend with. There are limits even for me. That's not all…"

He got up, putting the chair back. "The outcome of the Kandrian War will be negatively affected by this. The fact of the matter is, I don't want any of them to become Emperor or Empress, including Raijun. I avoided pissing off his faction by yielding to aiding him, but I don't want Kandria to become a Martial Supremacist nation. That is why I cannot get rid of the four royals. Because the moment they're gone…"

He closed his eyes. "Prince Raijun will have won the Kandrian Throne War. Rajak and Raul cannot stop him by themselves. Not after the power that I have bestowed upon him. The only one who can stop Raijun…"

He opened his eyes. They flashed with a glint of determination. "The only one who can stop him is me."

His eyes sharpened. "I will use my leverage over the royals to turn them into my puppets. They will stop Raijun at the cost of their own dead ambitions."

"That is why I cannot turn in the evidence," Rui replied. "In the short-term, the mid-term, and in the long-term, it is an objectively sub-optimal decision, even if very satisfying. On top of that, the probability that-" Ch𝒆êck out l𝒂t𝒆st 𝒏𝒐v𝒆l𝒔 on n/o/v𝒆/l/bin(.)c/𝒐/m

"Enough," Master Reina raised her hand with a tired expression, massaging her head. "My head hurts. Is this how it always is inside your mind? Your thought process is nauseatingly tiring. It must be a nightmare being you."

Rui narrowed his eyes. That was the second time he had heard that. "Still, couldn't you have at least revealed that you were the Voidreaper in dramatic fashion?" Master Reina smirked. "Seeing the dumbfounded expressions on their face would have been a treat."



Chapter 1726 All According To Plan

﻿﻿Rui shook his head. "It is sub-optimal to divulge the cause of their fiasco to them. Currently, they haven't the foggiest idea what happened. Or why they failed. Put yourself in their shoes. You hired an assassin to kill Rui Quarrier, and he supposedly does, only to trap you by revealing that Rui Quarrier was actually alive and had even recorded evidence of your misdeeds. Then the assassin then protects Rui Quarrier by deterrence and ensures that he gets away scot-free with the damning evidence."

He turned to Reina. "What questions present themselves?"

"…'Why did the assassin betray me?', 'How did Rui Quarrier find out?'" She thoughtfully replied.

"That's right," Rui nodded patiently. "What are the biggest reasons that assassins betray their contractors?"

"Money, blackmail, a belatedly-known high risk of death," She instantly replied with confidence. As the pinnacle of assassins in the Master Realm, she knew what made them tick.

"Right," Rui nodded. "Loyalty. Or the fact that the assassin is actually the target you're trying to kill. These things literally almost never happen. Thus, if one of the reasons you provided was the reason why the Voidreaper betrayed the royals, then what can be further inferred?"

"…Rui Quarrier might have paid them an ungodly amount of money," She remarked, narrowing her eyes in thought. "Or, he might have blackmailed the Voidreaper."

"…Which means?"N/nêw n0vel chap/ers are published o/n n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

"…" She stared at him blankly.

Rui sighed. "It means that Rui Quarrier needed to know that he was being assassinated well ahead of time. This much is absolutely inescapable. Thus, based on the perspective we have just constructed, what does Rui Quarrier learning about your assassination attempt on him ahead of time tell you? Where did that information come from? From the assassin? Or…?"

Master Reina's eyes widened as she understood what he was conveying. "…An information leak from my operation."

"That's right," Rui nodded. "Rui Quarrier learned about the assassination through an information leak in their operation. He bribed or blackmailed the Voidreaper and then used that to spring a trap to gain damning evidence to blackmail you. This is the most likely explanation of what happened. The true explanation that Rui Quarrier is the Voidreaper is something that they likely haven't even fathomed in their wildest dreams."

He narrowed his eyes. "That's good. It is better for me if they think it is an information leak. It means that despite them taking great measures to avoid the Martial Union or the Beggar's Sect from learning, Rui Quarrier was still tipped off by someone in their operation."

"If they believe that, then they will think they have a traitor amidst their operations, someone they trusted absolutely but has now revealed to be a traitor," Master Reina continued down the chain of logic as she realized the sheer depth of Rui's strategic considerations.

"Your capacity for thought is still shallow," Rui smirked. "Think deeper. What is the most common way of vetting trustworthiness in the Age of Martial Art?"

"Using a martial master's ascended sense of mind," she replied. We possess the ability to sense depth of mind, emotion, and general nature of intent."

"And yet, despite them undoubtedly using Martial Masters to vet each and every single person involved, there was an information leak," Rui grinned. "Not just any information leak. The mother of all information leaks. Rui Quarrier didn't get a vague tip-off. He basically learned everything way ahead of time. What would you, in such a position, conclude?"

"…" She stared at him blankly.

Rui heaved another sigh. "If a tea filter allows teapower to slip through, then the tea filter is not working."

His eyes mer her. "If a Martial Master allows a traitor to slip through, then the Martial Master is not working."

Her eyes widened. "…!"

"Seems you figured it out," Rui replied, grinning. "From their perspective, everything can be explained if there is a traitor among their Martial Masters. The information leaks, Rui Quarrier learns about everything, and the Martial Masters fail to kill Rui Quarrier. Everything can be cleanly explained if enough Martial Masters had secretly betrayed the operation."

"'Why was Rui Quarrier so confident against sixteen Martial Masters despite being protected by only two?'" He smirked. "'Why did sixteen Martial Masters fail to kill Rui Quarrier when there were only two protecting him? Why did sixteen Martial Masters insist they ought to retreat in such advantageous circumstances despite the fact that Rui Quarrier getting away was a catastrophe?'"

There was one answer that presented itself.

"Rui Quarrier wasn't facing sixteen Martial Masters from the very get-go…He was being secretly helped by the traitors…" Master Reina whispered. "…All this time, this was the true depth of your considerations? All of this? All of it was a part of your plan?"

"Well, there's more, but the latter half of my plan won't be relevant for another fifty years. So meh."

Master Reina stared at him dumbfounded.

She felt a chill crawl down her spine.

At that moment, she swore never to become his enemy.

Not that she ever would.

But the resolution to avoid ever doing that would antagonize him was deeply embedded in her mind.

Even now, as she gazed into his eyes, lost in thought, it was almost as if she could see something.

A void.

"Alright, time to get going," He jerked out of his thoughts with a cheery voice. "The high-grade anti-sensory artifacts they've lined this place with work both ways, so the Martial Union probably hasn't detected the battle. Still, we ought to get going. Undetected."

He put a hand on her shoulder with a pointed look.

"Shame," She remarked, shrugging. "I still wish you let me assassinate them."

"That's sub-optimal."

"Boo."

WHOOSH

They disappeared as Master Reina activated her many powerful stealth and misdirection techniques.

The other quiet town remained as was.

Not a single one of them had been made aware of the historical events that had occurred in the little warehouse. Events that would change the fate of the Kandrian Empire and beyond.



Chapter 1727 Damn It All

BANG!

Prince Randal struck his fist against a table.

His expression was murderous.

His demeanor was grave.

They had just returned to one of their secret bases, transported by their Martial Masters. He gritted his teeth as he thought back to what happened.

Even at this very moment, it was difficult to conceive that what happened had actually genuinely happened.

He didn't understand.

How could something so outlandish happen?

He was unable to conceive of a possible chain of causality that could explain how this happened.

"What happened?" He turned to his Martial Masters sternly. "Why were we unable to kill him despite the numeric advantage?"

The Martial Masters grew severe. "The Voidreaper…he was incredibly dangerous. There's a decent chance that he would have been able to kill at least two of you before we could take him down."

His words stirred Princess Ranea as she turned towards them.

A glint of suspicion flashed in her eyes. "I have never heard of any circumstance where one Master is able to deter sixteen using assassination. It was literally sixteen to two. Couldn't you have split up and ganged up on them individually separately."

The Martial Masters shook his head. "With her stealth and speed, she would effortlessly weave past us and kill all of you. Or, Rui Quarrier himself would kill you while she keeps us busy. He may not be a Master, but after the shocking performance that he displayed, it is not inconceivable that he may be able to kill you in the briefest opportunity that presents itself."

She didn't respond to his words.

She was not qualified to dispute them.

Yet she was clearly unsatisfied by such an explanation.

Princess Raemina sat on the floor in the corner of the room, uncaring for her dignity as a royal princess.

She was shivering with rage.

Her eyes were bloodshot and widened.

She looked closer to a mental hospital escapee than a royal.

Princess Rafia had not uttered a word since the disclosure of Rui Quarrier's life.

It was as if her brain was short-circuiting, trying to rationalize how an event that defied causality had unfolded. She was no different from a computer trying to divide a number by zero at the moment.

"…" She murmured something under her breath.

"What was that, Your Highness?"

"I'LL KILL HIM!" She screeched with ugly bloodlust. "I'LL TEAR HIM TO SHREDS!"

"Please calm down, Your Highness," One of her Martial Masters tried placating her.

It was in vain.

"Oh, that's right. His brother in my faction," A quivering smile spread on her face. "Hahaha! I'm going to make his life hell. No. Everyone in that filthy orpha-"

"You'll do no such thing," Prince Randal growled at her.

"And who are you to command me, you filthy army dog?" She glared at him.

His eyes sharpened fiercely.

The air grew electric.

Surprisingly, he managed to keep his cool, exercising great discipline over his impulses.

"If you don't want to live a miserable life…" Prince Randal coldly retorted. "Don't think about doing anything stupid. He can effortlessly ruin your life if he wants. You will go from being a dignified royal princess with great prestige and authority in the Kandrian government to a filthy rat trapped in a Martial Union holding cell and prison for the rest of your life. Is that what you want?"

His words poured cold water on her inferno.

As much as she wanted to inflict the most unspeakable things on Rui Quarrier and everyone who could bring him pain, she cared about herself more. The Martial Union imprisoning her in a shabby prison with shabby cloth for clothes and livestock feed for food was an outcome that she desperately wanted to avoid with every cell in her body.

Prince Randal heaved a sigh as he thought about the circumstances that they were in.

It was beyond dire.

It was dooming.

They picked a fight with Rui Quarrier, and he proceeded to demolish all of them.

At this very moment, he could imprison them for life. Prince Randal had asked his Martial Masters if they could track him after they had left the warehouse, but the Master had informed him that he and the Voidreaper had disappeared.

It was game over.

There was nothing that could be done; now, they could only sit tight and hope that he wasn't a sadist at heart.

Because if he was, then they were in for a world of hurt.

Prince Randal gritted his teeth, clenching his fists as a glint of suspicion and resentment flashed in his eyes, flying around the room across the various Martial Masters in there.

He had indeed said he would take full responsibility, but now that the consequences of the actions were coming, he couldn't help but feel incredibly dubious and resentful about the choice that the Martial Masters made.

He, like Princess Ranea, was unqualified to question the evaluation of the circumstances from the Masters, but that did not mean he was convinced.

Yet he abstained from voicing out his compunctions. VịSit no(v)3lb/!n(.)c𝒐m for new 𝒏ov𝒆l𝒔

This was no moment to isolate his protectors, whether sincere or not. However, he definitely needed to reconsider how much he could trust them to act in his best interests.

He got up, leaving the room wordlessly.

Now that their operation had crashed in a massive fiasco, he didn't have any more business with his three half-sisters. He didn't particularly enjoy their company either, and they were all fighting for the throne; thus, they were back to being enemies.

"Huff…" He heaved a grave sigh.

He was certain that his bid for the throne was dead. One of his lifelong dreams to ascend the throne and lead Kandria to glorious conquest had now probably died forever. He wanted to Kandria to become the sole hegemon over all of East Panama. He wanted to go down in history as a conquerer among conquerors.

Words couldn't begin to describe the hatred he felt for the fellow Kandrians who got in his way of delivering them glory.

He gritted his teeth. "Damn it."

"Damn it all."



Chapter 1728 Power

Rui painstakingly made several copies of the recording that he had created. He had already prepared to do so well ahead of time, commissioning a distributor ahead of time at a particular time and place.

He made a total of five copies, giving him six recordings by the time he was done.

"You want me to keep a hold of this?" Master Ceeran tilted his head as he examined the box armed with Master-level anti-sensory esoteric substances.

"Yep," Rui nodded. "It's very important to me. Just keep it safe, and don't let it be opened no matter what, and don't let anybody learn of its existence. Can I entrust you with this?"

Master Ceeran grew serious, nodding. "I will."

"Thank you, Master," Rui smiled.

He proceeded to give him a few more instructions on it. What to do with it if he went missing, and what to do with it if he died.

"Why are you saying so many ominous things?" Master Ceeran's expression grew worried.

"It's just in case," Rui smiled.

Soon enough, he took his leave.

He went on to hand a copy to Headmaster Aronian, Master Vericita, and even in a premium deposit locker in the Martial Union that he could earn by forking over a portion of the several billion Martial Credits that he had earned. Not to mention, the fees from his training with Prince Raijun.

He was extremely rich at the moment, and he didn't have anything to do with all this wealth.

He even handed one copy to Master Reina.

"What am I supposed to do with this?" She tilted her head.

"Just keep it," Rui remarked. "You know what to do with it if the need ever comes."

"Of course," She remarked with an amused smile.

It was important for at least one of the people he was entrusting the copies to know what to do with it if an irregular situation ever appeared.

"So now what?" Master Reina remarked.

"…I have a training session with Raijun. I also need to go home and tell Julian that he can leave the Raemina Faction," Rui remarked. "Once that's done, I'll speak to the four royals. It is good to establish what the game is going to be early on so that they don't get any strange ideas. The sooner they accept reality, the better it will be for them and me."

"And what is going to be the game from here on out?"

"Didn't I already tell you?"

"You did say you were going to use them to counterweight Raijun…but then what?" Master Reina asked, curious. "Something has to give. This can't go on forever. The Royal Emperor will die, and someone will need to ascend the throne."

"You're right; although you'd be surprised how little the Emperor is needed for day-to-day maintenance of the nation, it is the long-term that is an issue," Rui heaved a sigh.

The Royal Emperor generally did not directly intervene in executive government or the judiciary. His role was legislative, supreme commander of the army and appointer of the cabinet of ministers and the panel of judges.

It wasn't a role that would bring the Empire crumbling down the moment he died.

Rui heaved a sigh.

"So what's the solution you've prepared?" Master Reina raised an eyebrow expectantly. "Surely, you must have some plan on who is going to ascend the throne."

Rui heaved a sigh. "…Not really." Thê sourc𝗲 of this conte/nt n/o/v/(𝒆l)bi((n))

Master Reina cocked her head back in surprise. "What? You don't have a plan?"

"I have limits, too," Rui replied calmly. "Not everything can be fixed with a clever plan. The fact of the matter is that only someone with royal blood can ascend the throne. And the only people worth allowing to ascend the throne are all problematic."

"Why not consider one of the weak and non-prominent princes and princesses?" Master Reina asked. "Maybe you'll find a worthy candidate to support?"

"If they were worthy, they would have been among the seven prime candidates for the throne," Rui replied, shaking his head. "One of the reasons that there exists a competitive element to ascending the throne is because it is a measure of competence."

He narrowed his eyes. "The challenges they face in their attempt for the throne are a diluted experience of what the Royal Emperor will face leading a Sage-level powerhouse. Anybody who is unable to even qualify as a realistic candidate is unfit to bear the greater burdens and challenges of being Emperor or Empress. It's a brutal meritocratic process in a sense. In that regard, as much as I dislike them, the seven royals are definitely far more competent than the others, barring Raul."

Each of them had cleverly identified what they needed to win the war, harnessed the greatest powers of Kandria, and used them to elevate themselves far above their siblings. Rui was not interested in talking to princes and princesses who had Seniors for bodyguards because they were too incompetent to reel over a single Martial Master to their quasi-faction.

"Huff…" Rui shook his head.

He had thought about how he could guide the Kandrian Throne War in a way that did not disrupt the lives of his family and did not make the nation a place not worth living in, but it was not easy, even for him.

Previously, he shook these thoughts out of his head because he didn't have the power to decide who would become Emperor or Empress.

But now he did.

He could very easily make any of the candidates ruler of Kandria. He knew the four royals would rather die than be disgraced, lose all their privileges and luxuries, and rot in the Martial Union imprisonment block for the rest of their lives.

It meant that he could manipulate them as much as he pleased. That gave him power of the resources that they commanded. It gave him immense power over the Royal Army, the seafare and maritime sector of Kandria, the corporate sector, and the government.

It was not an exaggeration to say that, at this moment, he was the most powerful individual in Kandria after the Royal Emperor and the Martial Sages.

Yet, despite all that power, he couldn't see a path forward to manifesting an acceptable outcome.



Chapter 1729 Resolution

POW POW POW!

Prince Raijun narrowed his eyes, throwing a flurry of blows against Rui, who promptly retaliated with a swift kick.

WHOOSH!

He swerved, evading it, only to find that it had arrived, nonetheless.

WHOOSH!

He evaded it for the second time, weaving through Rui's attack stance.

BAM BAM BAM BAM BAM!!

His blows struck Rui's guard, pushing him back as he rushed forward.

WHOOSH!

He cleanly evaded a retorting blow before blasting Rui with his most powerful kick.

BAM!!

SKDDDD…

Rui skidded back a few meters from the momentum of the kick.

Rui glanced up at the prince with an impressed expression. "Good. You've arrived."

The Martial Prince looked different from how he did when he began training under Rui more than a year ago. A calm aura of dense power seemed to emanate from the Martial Apprentice. His presence had grown heavier over the months of training with Rui.

"Congratulations, Prince Raijun," Rui calmly remarked. "You've now arrived at the cusp of the Squire Realm."

"…I see."

"You don't seem as excited as I expected you to be," Rui raised an eyebrow.

The Martial Prince stared into Rui's eyes. "It was inevitable, yet it's all thanks to you, Rui Quarrier. You have earned my eternal gratitude. When I become Emperor, I will fulfill any one wish you have, within reason."

"How about not making Kandria a Martial Supremacist nation?"

"Rejected."

"Shame," Rui shrugged.

He met Prince Raijun's eyes one last time. "I've fulfilled my end of the agreement. This is farewell."

Prince Raijun stared at Rui. "I'll be holding a celebration for when I become a Martial Squire. I'd like to invite you to it as the individual who helped me unlock my potential."

Rui shook his head. "I'm good."

Prince Raijun heaved a sigh. "I don't repeat myself often. And yet this is the first time I find myself repeating myself for the fourth time."

He extended a hand to Rui. "Join me, Rui Quarrier. I will give you anything you want."

A deafening moment of silence trickled in the air.

"And I'm going to have to repeat myself for the fourth time as well, Prince Raijun," Rui's eyes narrowed. "I will not join you. Not now. Not ever."

Prince Raijun closed his eyes, heaving a resigned sigh. "So be it. Rest assured, my favor to you is not contingent on your support of me. Love me or hate me, I will not forget my debt to you…Farewell."

Rui stared at him before turning around and leaving. VịSit no(v)3lb/!n(.)c𝒐m for new 𝒏ov𝒆l𝒔

He exited the Mantian Royal Palace.

Yet this time, he was not heading back to the orphanage.

No, he had something much more important.

He activated Greater Phantomind Void, melting away into thin air.

That was a signal.

WHOOSH!

"Ready?" Master Reina asked him, appearing out of thin air. She had allowed him alone to perceive her existence.

"Yeah, let's go." Rui's eyes narrowed.

There was a reason that he was going through all the effort of even using his and Master Reina's stealth combined while traveling to Vargard.

That was where he would be meeting the four royals.

However, he could not let anyone know that he was meeting them. There would be no point in acquiescing to making Prince Raijun a Squire if he openly revealed he was plotting against him. He would be making even more enemies, defeating the point of accepting to train him instead of refusing.

'I need to operate from the shadows," Rui narrowed his eyes. 'Simultaneously, I need to find a permanent solution. Master Reina is right; this cannot go on forever. Somebody needs to ascend the throne.'

Not only did Kandria need an able ruler, but he himself could not do this forever. Something needed to give.

All for the sake of maintaining the harmony and peace of Kandria.

All for the sake of not disrupting the fragile lives of the people he loved.

He needed to find a proper solution.

'I'll do it.'

A resolution was made.

'I will not allow these maniacs to ascend the throne,' His eyes sharpened. 'I will find a solution to a harmonious future.'

He didn't know how, but he would do it.

Eventually, they reached the location that he had decided upon to meet with them in Vargard.

He wanted to avoid any potential surveilling Martial Masters to know that he was in Vargard. Thus, he was using Master Reina to transit across Kandria. He never once deactivated Greater Phantomind Void, even consuming rejuvenation potions to keep it active constantly, even as he entered the unremarkable building that he had designated as their meeting place.

The Beggar's Sect definitely could not be allowed to know that he was here, and that was difficult to achieve.

CLACK

He opened the door to the meeting room featuring the four royals sitting around a large table.

They didn't look any different than they did before.

Yet they were was a deep sense of resignation that radiated from them.

"No Martial Masters?" Rui raised an eyebrow, noticing that they were unguarded.

"…"

"You should bring them. This is irresponsible," Rui remarked.

"…"

"Your royals of the nation, how can you appear before me without them? Go call them."

"Why do you care so much about our bodyguards being here?" Prince Randal narrowed his eyes.

A glint of suspicion flashed across them.

"They have secured the place; thus, our safety is not a problem."

"I see," Rui shrugged.

Yet inwardly, he was grinning.

"Now then, let's begin," Rui remarked as he sat at the other end of the table. "I arranged this meeting for one reason."

His eyes narrowed. "To tell you that I can ruin you at any moment I desire. If you don't do as I say, then I have no problem ending you. In turn, if you do as I say, your life won't become horrible. In each case, however…your ambition for the throne ends."

Rui stared at them with narrowed eyes. "From this day forth, your sole purpose exists to stop Raijun from becoming Emperor, got it?"



Chapter 1730  Warnings and Directive



The four royals gazed at him with shock.

"…What?"

Rui sharpened his eyes. "Did I stutter?"

Princess Ranea furrowed her eyebrows. "…You want us to do everything in our power to stop Raijun from becoming Emperor?"

"That's right," Rui nodded calmly. "He has reached the Squire Realm. Thus, you will pool your resources and ensure that he does not win over enough of the government to initiate the Crowning Ceremony to crown himself Emperor. Employ every means of legal, extra-legal, covert and active, direct or indirect, or any other measure that can be employed to stop him. That is all."

"…Is that all?" Prince Randal glared at Rui, yet a hint of surprise was evident on his face.

"Yes." Rui simply replied.

"You're not going to…personally oversee our operations?"

"I don't need to," Rui calmly replied. "You lot have spent many years, even decades, some of you, pining for the throne. I'm sure you've developed a good understanding of what it means to sabotage your fellow siblings. You've done it before, and now you will do it with everything you have. You will sabotage Raijun even at the cost of your campaign. You will sabotage Raijun even at the cost of all your faction's detriment."

The very thought of it was revolting. Yet they could only comply.

"…" Thê sourc𝗲 of this conte/nt n/o/v/(𝒆l)bi((n))

He had expected much worse from Rui.

All of them did.

Yet, he did not torture them sadistically or vengefully.

"That is all," Rui nodded. "Is that clear?"

"…"

"Or would you rather rot in prison?" Rui narrowed his eyes.

"…I accept." Princess Ranea's tone was resigned.

Soon enough, the other three followed suit.

"I accept."

"I accept."

"…I accept."

"One last thing," Rui coldly added. "If I die, the evidence goes public."

"If I go missing, the evidence goes public. "If anybody in my orphanage suffers from a mysterious force, the evidence goes public."

"If you make any action that can be even partially construed as treacherous or hostile to me, the evidence goes public."

His words were ruthless. The air grew perilous as profound bloodlust pushed down upon them.

"If the thought of eliminating me crosses your mind, then take a moment to remember what happened the last time you tried killing me."

Chills crawled up their spine as his words triggered forbidden memories that had already become the seed of life-long trauma.

Princess Raemina visibly shivered.

Princess Ranea did her best to suppress the sheer terror that gripped her heart.

Princess Rafia widened her eyes at his words.

Prince Randal's expression grew ugly.

"All that effort. All that caution. All that capital. All of it, and for what?" Rui's voice grew fierce. "For a magnificent failure that will choke you for the rest of your lives."

His words had a strong impact. A deep ferocity accompanied his voice.

"Do not think you'll be able to slip past my notice just because I'm not going to be personally overseeing you," A sharp edge overtook his voice. "I will not only learn of the truth like I did last time, but I will make you regret it for the rest of your life."

This time, they were quicker to acquiesce.

"Good, do well," Rui narrowed his eyes. "If you stall, I'll release the evidence. If you fail, I will find out. So you better get working, and fast. Make sure that you succeed for your own sake. If you fuck around, you will find out."

"That isn't a threat." His voice grew colder. "No…"

"…that's a promise."

His words firmly resounded in the minds of the four royals. He turned around and left the building, disappearing as he activated Greater Phantomind Void while Master Reina brought her into the effect of her active stealth techniques as well.

"What do you think?" Rui asked, turning to Master Reina.

"They were filled with hatred and fear. But I sensed no deceit or deception," Master Reina replied.

"Good," Rui heaved a sigh.

"That was awfully short," Master Reina commented. "I thought you would give them highly specific orders."

"They're more suited to micro-managing the task because of their position, familiarity, and personal experience with their own resources," Rui replied calmly. "On top of that, the more involved I get, the more I'm likely to be exposed, earning the displeasure of parties that want to see Raijun become Emperor."

"…The Martial Union?" "The Martial Supremacist Faction, primarily, but yes," Rui calmly replied. "I might be demoted from platinum boy to golden boy if they learn what has happened, though it would cancel out the favor I gave Prince Raijun by empowering him. Still, an undesirable outcome."

"How will you know whether they're doing their jobs?"

"I won't; they won't mess around when it comes to the threat of being imprisoned," Rui replied calmly. "But there is a reason that I embedded the idea that I will find out if they do mess around, just like I did last time. It related to what we discussed."

He turned to Master Reina. "What can be inferred if I am confident that I can know everything about their operations despite not actually being there?"

Realization dawned on Master Reina. "…They'll be more convinced of an information leak if they think about the reason behind your confidence of being able to keep tabs on them."

"That's right," Rui smiled mischievously. "Besides, I do intend to use the Beggar's Sect to keep an eye on their activities. But there is an even bigger reason why I avoided taking the lead in the operations against Prince Raijun."

"…Which is?"

Rui shrugged. "It's too time-consuming. I have a Martial Path to tread."

Now that he had settled the matter regarding the royals, he had gained a bit of breathing space.

While it was true that he still needed to find a way to end this little cold civil war cleanly, it was not an immediate concern. He had more important things to consider.

"My fight against the assassins revealed minute flaws and sub-optimalities," Rui revealed. "I need more experience with domains."



