Chapter 1991  Just Need To Suvive



He ventured to the mountain Rui trained atop, stopping a good distance away to not disturb him.

He couldn't hide his curiosity.

Just what kind of crazy technique was he going to create this time?

He was curious to know since Rui had specifically said he would no longer be working on a system of thought. That had excited Kane.

The only reason Rui would not work on a system of thought when it was the path to the Master Realm was if he no longer needed to. The implications of that decision were so great that Kane did not dare put it in words for fear of jinxing it.

Furthermore, Rui's training sessions grew more interesting when he wasn't working on a system of thought. Thought training was simply meditating in an isolated location, there was nothing to see since Kane could not read thought.

That was why he was amazed by what he saw.

He saw a realm of fire.

Within its depths, Rui meditated. Yet, he wasn't focusing on a system of thought, no. The entirety of his mind was focused on the maintenance of the Muspelheim prototype. "Woah…" Kane murmured. "That's crazy. Did he create the domain for the conditioning, or is he conditioning for the domain?"

If he had to guess, it was the latter.

He knew Rui was never a fan of conditioning. So much so that he had only ever gone through one training session of conditioning in his entire life. On the other hand, Kane knew, from the Elder Tree, that this Tree of Life thing that Rui had got was connected to domains. The inheritance was primarily centered around domains as well.

"A heat domain, huh?" Kane was not an expert on domains, yet he knew that what he was seeing was hardly standard. Most domains were limited to wind and land displacement as those were the low-hanging fruits. The reason he knew anything about domains was because maneuvering and speed-based Martial Art were weak against it because it could not be avoided since they it was omnipresent on a battlefield.

Yet, a domain that super-heated a massive amount of area?

He had never seen anything like it.

He watched as the air boiled, crackling with sparks and minor conflagrations. He watched as the soil and bedrock grew red-hot.

Anything that could burn had long burned away to a crisp.

WHOOSH

The domain abruptly faded away as Rui broke into a gasp for air glancing at his body with a dissatisfied expression. It appeared that he could only maintain it for a short time.

"Inefficient," he muttered to himself, completely immersed in thought.

Once he caught his breath, he immediately jumped back into training.

WHOOSH

Kane's eyes widened as the world around Rui shifted. It was hardly quick, but within minutes, he understood what was happening.

"It's getting colder…" He remarked, curious. "Way colder."

The previous molten hot rocks cooled down at a truly remarkable rate as Rui breathed out what seemed to be liquid air that rapidly expanded. At the same time, he could sense the seismic radiation that Rui was releasing in the land beneath him. He could sense Rui manipulating the heavens as heat drifted away from the region as it slowly cooled down the fiery location to normal temperature and then colder and colder.

Within a few minutes, drops of water formed on the ground and even on Rui's body as humidity rates dropped, being unsustainable as the temperature fell. Yet, it only grew colder.

"Wha-" Kae stared at the domain, astonished as he spotted a snowflake forming and falling. Ne/w novel chapt𝒆rs are p/u/blished on no/vel(/bin(.)c/o/m

Yet, it only got colder.

Water rapidly became frost, growing colder and colder. Rui's expression grew increasingly stressed as he pushed himself to the very limit managing the domain, trying to reduce its temperature while also conditioning his outer skin.

He relied on the Martial Heart to ensure that his blood and the water within his body never froze. Especially the water in his brain, he would rather avoid dying.

Kane watched with awe as an isolated sphere of absolute cold formed around Rui. Looking at it from afar, it looked as though someone had choppily photoshopped a region of absolute cold onto an otherwise ordinary environment. WHOOSH!

The domain was dispelled as external heat rapidly gushed in.

Rui panted heavily, dissatisfaction clearly evident on his face, before getting up and drinking a large bottle of water.

"That was so cool!" Kane exclaimed once he reached Rui.

Rui raised an eyebrow impassively. "You saw that, did you?"

"Well, yeah," Kae sheepishly admitted. "I didn't know you were working on such novel projects."

Rui shrugged nonchalantly. "I just hope they're enough."

"Enough for what?"

Rui's gaze sharpened as he gazed towards the core of the dungeon, wrapped in mist and darkness.

"Enough to let me survive my role as bait for the Master-level beast at the core of the Mellow Dungeon."

Kane immediately grew glum. "Right."

The fascination of the domains he saw momentarily made him forget what those domains were for.

Of the plan that the two of them were going forward with, Rui's role in it was by far the most dangerous.

No, dangerous was an understatement.

To face a Master-level beast as a Martial Senior was downright suicidal. Neither of them had forgotten how they had been left half-dead by the mere roar of a Master-level beast. Now, Rui would be throwing himself to the fate of one all by his lonesome to buy the Divine Doctor enough time to incapacitate the source of the Mellow Manifold and hopefully dispel the trance that it maintained on the creature.

It was an absolute death sentence to any nearly other Martial Senior alive. Yet, the darkness within Rui's eyes stirred as he gazed at the core of the dungeon impassively.

The light of challenge flickered in their depths.

"I just need to survive."

It was almost as if he was convincing himself. "Yeah." Kane nodded severely.

"You just need to survive."

A macabre silence brooded.

-





Chapter 1992 Arrived

Time passed as Rui devoted himself exclusively to the development of Muspelheim and Niflheim.

Their importance could not be understated.

These domains were one of the few things that stood between him and death. Of course, he had many things going for him, but most were not truly effective against creatures of the magnitude of power that he was facing.

The predictive models he had developed on all species, the SOUL models he had developed on all species, and temperature domains to go for the most antithetical temperature he was able to. These were the cornerstones of any hopes for survival he had against the Master-level guardian of the Mellow Dungeon.

That was why he poured his heart and soul into the two new domains. Over the next year, as he proceeded to completion, Rui completely cut himself off from anything else. The only thing his mind thought about every waking moment was the two new domains that he was working on.

Simultaneously, his flesh grew tougher and more resistant to heat and cold. With each passing day, it stung and burned less.

Yet, no matter how much it did, he never so much as twitched or flinched.

This was perhaps the sole good impact that had come from the mental damage that the inheritance had had on his mind.

Ecstasy and surrounding emotions certainly had come to require a far higher threshold to be activated, yet the same was true for agony.

His skin blistered. It singed and burned.

Yet, he was unfazed.

It could not bring him suffering. The fortitude he inadvertently forged from the inheritance was something that greatly aided him in the conditioning training that happened simultaneously with his domain training. He could overload far more than most Martial Seniors could ever tolerate.

It allowed him to condition far better than they ever could.

Unbeknownst to him, he had gained a much higher affinity for conditioning after he underwent the torture of the inheritance for half a year.

What would have otherwise taken three years soon was shortened to two. Just two years after he embarked on Project Muspelheim and Project Niflheim, Rui reached a stage of passive mastery. Thê sourc𝗲 of this conte/nt n/o/v/(𝒆l)bi((n))

He stood atop a flat land, atop a place that once used to be a mountain. Two years of constant wear and tear from Rui's domain training had reduced the large mountain to a flat, barren land at sea level.

An unfathomable aura radiated from the depths of Rui's body.

His eyes sharpened as a single whisper escaped them.

"Muspelheim."

One moment, the environment around him was calm and peaceful.

The very next?

RUMBLE

Heaven and Earth burned.

The air crackled as flashes of plasma sparked across the entire domain as a hemisphere of pure fire enveloped him and his environment, the pressure from Heavenly Convergence acting on the entire domain only drove the temperature higher and higher by the second. The land beneath his feet rapidly surged in temperature as the rocks and gravel grew red-hot in a matter of seconds!

Rui's body vibrated at a tremendous yet imperceptible frequency, heating the bedrock up through acoustic conditioning and friction while his breath-bending turned the heavens into a sharp furnace.

The air ionized rapidly as bolts of plasma flashed across the entire domain with even greater violence while the molten land beneath his feat melted, becoming a bright ocean of lava.

What was once a normal patch of land had now been turned into a hellish fiery landscape that looked like it had come right out of Dante's Inferno.

Yet, faster than anybody could have ever imagined, it began to shift.

"Niflheim."

His tone was as cold as the cold, frosty blizzard that soon ensued.

Lava sizzled as it solidified to molten rock before slowly returning to its original temperature in less than a minute.

Yet, it only surged and spiked further colder.

WHOOOSH!

Water condensed at an extraordinary rate before freezing over as temperatures surged far below the freezing point of water, surging towards absolute zero at a terrifying rate. Within a minute, the gases in the air struggled to maintain their gaseous forms as droplets of the most common constituents in the air began forming across the entire battlefield, further cooling.

Matter grew extraordinarily brittle as the extraordinarily low temperatures reduced its elasticity, causing it to crumble with a fraction of the force needed at room temperatures.

The drastic temperature and pressure differentials inside and outside the domain caused tremendous wind currents and torrents, and a mini blizzard formed within the domain under the sheer coldness of Niflheim.

"I have arrived."

WHOOSH!

The domain was dispelled as a tsunami of external heat rushed into the domain, rapidly increasing its temperature.

A profound surge of peril oozed from his very being. He had reached a threat level so high that merely calling him a Martial Senior may as well have been an act of deceit. The power that the two domains bestowed unto him was power that no Martial Senior ought to possess.

This was the power to adaptively evolve to all life, for all life possessed a temperature that was antithetical to their very survival.

It struck at the heart of all who beheld him.

The biosphere of the Mellow Manifold shifted. Aquatic life moved away from the region of the coast where Rui trained. The demographics of the Mellow Dungeon had shifted drastically.

All life diverged from the being known as Rui Quarrier Silas Kandria.

The sense of self-preservation, the fear of death, the instinct of danger. These forces drove all life, from the tiniest of microbes to the mightiest of angels and dragons, away from him.

He had become the antithesis to all of them. Neither the SOUL System nor the VOID algorithm could have ever allowed him to reach such a stage of adaptive evolution against the very Tree of Life that he was an alien to.

His eyes opened.

Endless clarity and certainty surged from within their depths.

"It's time. It's time to get out of this place."

-



Chapter 1993  Approach



"Oh, is it time?"

Kane watched Rui sky-walk towards him.

He had been done a little sooner than Rui, left bored as he waited for Rui to finish his two domain projects. "Yes."

Kane's grin lit up at not just the affirmation but the aura of power that enveloped Rui. The darkness within Rui's eyes stirred as a steely determination flickered within their depths, the depths of the void. "So…" Kane began. "I'm guessing we finally approach him?"

Rui nodded wordlessly.

"Gotcha." Kane leaped to his feet. "I'll leave all the talking to you. Thank you for the effort."

Kane was more than happy to toss this responsibility on Rui. Rui simply turned around and began jogging at superspeed towards the Divine Doctor's humble abode.

In the past two years, Rui and Kane avoided him. With their senses, it was easy to make sure that they basically never ran into him. Only now, when an entire plan had all but been ready except for the Divine Doctor, did they finally endeavor to speak to the Divine Doctor a second time.

Rui had prepared long and hard for this conversation and had modeled different possible scenarios for their second interaction. Unfortunately, he didn't know how the Divine Doctor would react. The man was as opaque as a slab of concrete. He was utterly inscrutable and had the emotional expression of an RPG character.

Unfortunately, he had to make do with what he had.

STEP

They arrived at a small hut.

Within it stood the Divine Doctor.

Before him was an unfolded portable table upon which a series of flasks, canisters, test tubes filled with various substances, and a variety of other tools that one might find in a chemistry lab. It appeared that the array of instruments, artifacts, and tools that hung across his entire body were not for show; he had truly come prepared with anything he could ever need.

Not that Rui was surprised, of course. He would have never been able to process all the fear from the Forest of Fear had he not had some amount of portable chemical processing and production folded down into one of the many items that hung from his attire.

"I was beginning to think you would never come." His mirthless tone was devoid of welcome, beating Rui to the first word.

"…I suppose that I shouldn't be surprised you expected us." Rui heaved a soft sigh. He had anticipated the possibility that the man might have predicted a second plea for help.

"You, black hair, have a seat there," the Divine Doctor murmured impassively. "I've painstakingly prepared potent anesthesia, so we should be able to commence the invasive neurocranial examina-"

"-I haven't accepted your offer, Doctor Kar," Rui interjected coldly. "I have not changed my mind in that regard."

The Divine Doctor stared at him with a frozen smile. Disappointment flashed in his inhuman eyes. "...Shame. Yet, surely you're not dull enough to believe that vainly pleading for my help is going to be of any use. I can only infer that you have a different proposition in mind, then."

"I do." Rui met the Divine Doctor's inhuman gaze with impassive eyes. "It's rather simple. We help you get out of the manifold, and, in return, you heal my father."

"A rather curious proposition." The Divine Doctor's interest lingered. "How do you posit to be able to help me get out?"

"It's simple," Rui replied calmly. "We destroy the source of the manifold at the center of the dungeon."

Unfortunately, the Divine Doctor didn't appear impressed. "Tell me, why do you think that, in all the time that I spent here, I never ventured into the dungeon to do exactly that?"

"Because of the hive of tranced beasts that lay within its depths, protecting the source of the dungeon at the behest of the dungeon." Rui's steely voice rang with certainty. "The strategy that you used to tame the obsidian wyverns is entirely ineffective in this dungeon, rendering you unable to use the tools that you prepared for the Beast Domain. Upstodatee from n(0)/v𝒆/lbIn/.(co/m

The Divine Doctor's frozen smile thawed, growing wider. "…Correct. The dungeon has arranged itself such that the deeper one goes, the more precious and nourishing resources there are. Thus, all creatures experience a powerful desire to go deeper into the dungeon. A drive to migrate to the core of the dungeon. This allows for a very natural hierarchical security system that grows stronger the deeper one goes. And consequently, at its core—

"—lies a Master-level beast, yes, I know. I figured that out two years ago," Rui cut in again. The Divine Doctor's eyes flashed with clinical interest.

"…Then it all but begs the question of why you believe that you can reach the core of the dungeon," the man curiously remarked. "Unless, of course, you are arrogant enough to think you can defeat a Master-level beast as a Martial Senior."

"I don't believe that I can fell a Master-level beast, no," Rui replied. "However, there is a high probability that I can survive, and that will be enough."

The Divine Doctor mirthlessly laughed. "Even if I were to believe that exceptionally highly unlikely claim, that yet would not open a path for us to the source. The Master-level beast protects it from all danger."

"Rest assured, it won't be at the core," Rui informed him with certainty. "My proposition is a bait strategy. I will draw the Master-level beast out of the core of the dungeon to the other side of the manifold by posing an existential threat to the dungeon, or, at least, fooling the dungeon into thinking I pose an existential threat to it."

The Divine Doctor stared at Rui with a frozen expression and smile, considering Rui's words. "…And just how would you go about doing that?"

"A technique that allows me to fake an illusion of Master-level power by subconsciously embodying it and non-verbally conveying it to onlookers," Rui replied. "I have confirmed, on two occasions, that dungeons evaluate threat in a manner that will be fooled by it. The Serevian Dungeon and the Shionel Dungeon."

-



Chapter 1994  Revelations



Rui had let the Divine Doctor control the flow of the conversation. It was a simple diplomatic tactic that was often employed when trying to de-escalate the hostility or heat in a conversation. It was a way of implicitly conveying a good faith willingness to cooperate rather than trying domineer in the conversation to potentially earn the distaste of those he was trying to get to cooperate with him.

Of course, he didn't know if it was the optimal approach. Perhaps the Divine Doctor would perceive it as cowardice or lack of confidence, but Rui didn't want to risk it by choosing for an aggressive approach.

"…So, to summarize, you intend to draw the Master-level beast to the other side of the dungeon where you 'survive,' as you put it, to hopefully open up a path for me while the beast is away?"

The Divine Doctor gazed at Rui with fascination.

"That is correct." Rui calmly reaffirmed the man's words.

The man closed his eyes. Thê sourc𝗲 of this conte/nt n/o/v/(𝒆l)bi((n))

"…A rather simple strategy," he lightly remarked. "Yet, the simpler they are, the more difficult they tend to be. In this case, you claim to be able to survive a Master-level beast that is remarkably difficult to accept at face value."

"I've made preparations." "Is that so?" The Divine Doctor grew amused. "And just what preparations did you undertake to face a Master-level beast?"

A soft smile fleetingly cracked at the edge of Rui's mouth. "I memorized the patterns of combat data of each creature and species, as well as the non-verbal communication language of each species in this dungeon. These parts of my system of thought allow me to gain an enormous advantage against any creature that is a part of this dungeon, including the Master-level beast. Additionally…"

His gaze grew more intense. "I've inherited the sum of all knowledge that the Elder Tree possessed on the biosphere of the Beast Domain, especially environments most conducive to each species and environments most antithetical to them conversely, which is useful because…"

WHOOSH

Rui bent heaven and earth ever so slightly to heat the temperature up and cool it down.

"…I can control the temperature of the environment."

He knew that the Divine Doctor didn't need any additional elaboration on exactly why this was remarkably impressive.

"Tell me, what kind of environment is most conducive to the shadow cerberus species?"

"They prefer cold environments with minimal exposure to sunlight," Rui replied, continuing. "They require high humidity and high pressure as well in addition to low drag."

"What about the blood kirin species?" "They require high heat and high pressure with ample exposure to sunlight and high humidity as well as an environment with high electrical conductance."

If the Divine Doctor was surprised, he did well to hide it. "Remarkable."

Rui simply stared at him silently, waiting.

"…It is a shame I am unable to evaluate the probability of you surviving against the Master-level beast," the Divine Doctor remarked with a tinge of regret. "Do you have a choice?" Rui asked. "I know your soul can't leave this place. You've whiled away time accomplishing nothing, yet you refuse to kill yourself even though death, in the past, has seemed to always be a trigger for the soul transference ritual, allowing your soul to transfer to another prepared body after death. Yet the fact that you've not done that despite having no physical way out allows me to infer that even your soul is trapped in this manifold."

Realization flashed in the Divine Doctor's eyes as his mind swiftly deciphered the truth. "…I see; no wonder you knew to look for me in the Beast Domain. You must have procured that information from the Beggar Sage when he informed you of being chosen as a candidate for immortality."

Kane frowned with confusion. "…candidate for immortality?"

"I see you haven't told him," the Divine Doctor's smile grew wider. "As for your hypothesis regarding my predicament…"

He closed his eyes. "It's more complicated than you think it is. Your hypothesis is, well, not entirely inaccurate, but I do have reasons not to let this particular vessel die, yes."

Rui frowned. That was a particularly vague response that clarified very little about the soul-manifold situation, but regardless, it wasn't the point.

"If you don't want this particular vessel to die, then doing nothing isn't going to help you," Rui replied. "You will simply rot in this place, otherwise. That probability of that happening is a hundred percent. Regardless of what you think of my combat ability, my plan has more of a chance of getting you out of here than doing nothing."

His words rang of truth.

Even the Divine Doctor recognized that. Yet, it wasn't easy to put his faith in a young Martial Senior who declared he could survive a Master-level beast. It was such a stupid decision at face value that it probably hurt him to even be the one to make it.

"Don't you want to save your patient?" It was fleeting, but Rui could sense that that question pricked at him. Good, it was valuable capital for emotional manipulation.

"I see that the Beggar Sage told you my purpose in the Beast Domain."

A hint of bitterness flickered in his tone.

"Not entirely," Rui offered. "He told me you had a patient with a condition, the diagnosis of which required you to enter the Beast Domain. However, based on existing evidence and the fact that you essentially conducted a symptomatic examination of the Beast Domain to identify the Mellow as a true anomaly, it leads me to believe that your patient…"

His eyes narrowed. "…is the Beast Domain itself, as absurd as that sounds."

The Divine Doctor smiled mirthlessly, closing his eyes. "An intelligent deduction, but I'm afraid it's not the correct one."

Rui furrowed his eyebrows, staring at the man. "You see, my patient is beyond just the Beast Domain," he remarked, opening his eyes. "My patient is…Gaia herself. It is this very world that cradles that requires healing."

-



Chapter 1995 Epiphanies

Rui's dark eyes lit up with a flash of interest. "…Gaia?"

The Divine Doctor heaved a soft sigh, glancing at the sky of the manifold.

He grew quiet as his smile faded and his eyes softened.

A profound silence seemed to overtake the atmosphere.

For a moment, he became human.

"You see…" He began, his voice growing soft. "One fine day at dusk, when gazing at the setting Sun, I had an epiphany."

He continued, immersed in a reverie. "I consider it to be the most glorious moment of my long life. Not even overcoming death inspired the depth of emotion that I experienced from this magnificent revelation."

He closed his eyes. "In that moment, I came to realize that this world was not merely a lifeless stage for all life to occupy. It was not merely a dead speck of rock floating about in an infinite void we call the universe. It was not merely sustenance for the Tree of Life."

His eyes opened.

Within then flashed boundless intensity.

"No." His voice grew more intense. "This world is alive. Gaia is alive."

Rui and Kane widened their eyes in shock. "Gaia is…alive?"

Had anyone else uttered it in front of him, Rui would have scoffed and moved on.

Yet, before him was the Divine Doctor.

The prodigy who cured death and lived for more than six centuries, traveling the world and gaining priceless knowledge and experience in the domain of medicine and biology. His sole knowledge and mind exceeded the combined capability of the rest of the international medical community.

Rui stared at him, frozen in shock.

Yet, he was far from done.

"She's not just alive," he insisted, growing more intense. "She is more alive than any of us. She is more alive than all of us! She is the life that nurtures the very Tree of Life of which we are merely an indistinct part!"

Rui simply gazed at him, speechless.

The Divine Doctor's expression fell immediately after, growing regretful. "…Yet, along with the magnificent revelation of her life came a second epiphany."

His intense eyes returned to Rui. "You see, Gaia…she's ill. She's…dying."

"…What?" A stunned whisper escaped Rui. "But how?"

"…I don't know." The Divine Doctor admitted. "I don't know, but I made it my life's mission as the greatest doctor to have ever walked Gaia to heal her. To steer her away from death."

He closed his eyes. "I haven't even come close to diagnosing her condition and her ailments, let alone treating and curing her, unfortunately. Even for someone of my ability, it has proven to be the most difficult endeavor I have ever undertaken in my entire life, far greater than anything I have ever accomplished in my entire life."

The magnitude of the revelations that the Divine Doctor made struck Rui and Kane like a truck, shaking them.

"But how…?" Kane murmured, shocked. "How can a planet be alive?"

"…It is a profound question," the Divine Doctor replied softly. "Yet, it is one that is beyond me. However, I do not find it impossible considering the most extreme forms of life that exist in this world that make it plausible for an enormous planet to be alive."

While his revelations were extremely difficult to digest, Rui agreed with that particular statement. "If deserts and golems can be alive, then it isn't impossible for a planet to be alive."

"Just so." The Divine Doctor nodded. "When considering the exotic and esoteric life that exists in this world, it is only the scale and magnitude of Gaia's life that is truly mind-boggling rather than nature."

A moment of silence overtook the conversation.

"…So that's why you entered the Beast Domain, to look for clues in different parts of Gaia's 'body' for symptoms for a diagnosis." Rui realized. "The Human Domain is transparent, the Beast Domain is a region filled with countless mysteries and was most likely to hold the key."

"Correct." The Divine Doctor nodded, growing more open. "However, the Adventurer's Guild is incompetent, and my friend's sect cannot help me with the Beast Domain, so I consulted the Ecologer, an unparalleled genius and the leading authority on the Beast Domain. Yet, diagnosing Gaia was beyond even her. I was almost out of options until she told me about the existence of the Garden of Salvation and the all- knowing Elder Tree and how I might find the information I sought there, and then…"

He heaved a sigh. "…well, I'm sure you know the rest."

His eyes swam around the entirety of the Mellow Manifold. "Fascinating, but ultimately not what I seek."

Rui exhaled heavily, remembering to breathe.

It was such a fantastical tale that it was almost impossible to believe. Yet, Rui knew that he was almost certainly telling the truth, considering how consistent it was with everything he heard and said in the memories of the countless animals that Rui had scanned and in the memories of the Elder Tree.

Ultimately, however, Rui had not forgotten the objective of bringing up his patient in this conversation. As fascinating as the Divine Doctor's tale was, Rui ultimately didn't give a damn about his mission. R/ê/Ad lat𝙚St ch/a/pters at nô(v)e(l)bin/.c/o//m Only

He only cared about securing the cooperation of the Divine Doctor as long as he was able to leverage this to succeed in his negotiations; he was content to consider his words at a later date with more leisure.

"I don't know what ails Gaia," Rui began. "I certainly have no idea whether you will be able to heal her. However…"

His eyes narrowed. "…I know for a fact that you will fail if you don't get out of this place. That is what I am offering. A chance to leave. And in return, I demand you to heal my fa-"

"Fool."

"…" Rui's expression darkened. "Excuse me?"

The Divine Doctor's expression froze as an icy smile appeared on his face. "Do you take me for a fool?"

Rui met his cold gaze with dark eyes.

The air grew tumultuous.

It boiled.

"Your plan needs me just as much as it needs you," his smile deepened. "Do not pretend escape is something you are offering to me rather than a joint accomplishment we seek to achieve together. Did you think I wouldn't see through this trivial, thinly veiled attempt to sneak a demand I owe you not?"

-



Chapter 1996 Offers

﻿﻿Rui simply stared at him impassively.

Unfortunately, the Divine Doctor was too sharp to be fooled by ambiguity, covering up the fact that the Divine Doctor didn't owe anything to him. It was also unfortunate that he was quite correct. Rui's plan did need him; he had no confidence that Kane alone would be able to incapacitate the source of the manifold by himself.

"You're not entirely correct," Rui chillingly replied. "My plan doesn't need you as much as it needs me. Without me, there is no plan. Without you, however, the plan can not only function but also have the possibility of escape."

This was also undeniable.

The most difficult part of breaking out of the manifold was dealing with the Master-level beast guarding the dungeon.

And Rui was the only possibility of doing that.

This was something that not even the Divine Doctor could deny.

"Be that as it may," the man remarked with a hint of smugness. "The fact that I am required is enough for me to deny any demand in return for breaking out of the manifold. What I offer is more than sufficient service in return for breaking it, for it is something you would rather do with me than without."

This, in turn, was something that Rui had to admit as well. The man was contributing too much for Rui to demand anything in return; he just didn't have the leverage.

"Can't we just threaten him with death?" Kane scratched his head. "Not that I'm suggesting we do that, of course. But fear of death lights a fire under the ass, you know?"

"..." The Divine Doctor stared at Kane with an unimpressed expression.

"That was a joke. He has an edgy sense of humor," Rui lied to the Divine Doctor, earning a scowl from Kane.

It was such a retarded suggestion that Rui didn't even bother addressing it. For one, the Divine Doctor was immortal; thus, death was merely an inconvenience in this particular situation for reasons unclear.

On top of that, they needed him to have a realistic chance of getting out of the manifold. Thus, the threat of killing the Divine Doctor was empty because the Divine Doctor knew that Rui would never do something that stupid and wasteful. Killing him would only lead to extremely negative outcomes for Rui, and letting him out was the only way for positive outcomes to unfold.

Thus, the very suggestion of threatening him with death was invalid because his death was the death of Rui's future. If Rui actually did make that threat, the Divine Doctor would probably laugh in his face and invite Rui to kill him.

"If you want help with finding out what ails Gaia, then I can help with that," Rui remarked. "My grandmother is Sage Nephi Deborah Silas, the matriarch of the Silas Clan. She possesses a truly godly power of prophecy and is one of the reasons that I was able to track you within three years."

Rui pulled out one of his trump cards.

Although he hadn't consulted his grandmother on this particular course of action, desperate times called for desperate measures. He was sure his grandmother would begrudgingly let it slide this one time.

Regardless, the Divine Doctor was unable to hide his reaction.

"…Fascinating." His eyes lit up with interest. "You are truly fascinating."

"Please," Rui impassively replied. "You flatter me."

Rui had not opted for this course of action prior to knowing exactly why the Divine Doctor entered the Beast Domain. His grandmother required more precise and actual information than just some mysterious patient for whom the Divine Doctor had entered the Beast Domain to diagnose.

However, now that he knew exactly who or what the Divine Doctor's patient was, he could get his grandmother to apply her astronomical prophetic power to Gaia or the Beast Domain and potentially aid him with finding the alleged illness that Gaia was dying from.

"That's not all," Rui replied calmly. "I possess the means to contact the Elder Tree remotely. Thus, if you ever do decide to search for the ailment that plagues Gaia in the Beast Domain, then you won't need to go through the risky fake fear induction process again to enter the Garden of Salvation and will be able to communicate with it regularly in the long run. If you agree to heal my father, this could potentially radically change your approach to the Beast Domain."

Rui had collected two super assets for the Kandrian Empire in the form of the Silas Clan and the Elder Tree. Both of them were assets that astronomically increased the intelligence-

gathering ability of the Kandrian Empire and could be of extraordinary utility to the Divine Doctor, who sought to make a diagnosis of the entire planet.Th.ê most uptod/at𝓮 n𝒐vels a/re published on n(0)velbj)n(.)c/o/m

While the material resources of the Kandrian Empire might not have been able to help much with the immense ambition of the Divine Doctor, these supernatural and extraordinary information resources could potentially be the key to obtaining a diagnosis.

Both of them recognized that simultaneously.

The Divine Doctor closed his eyes.

A single remark escaped him.

"Deal."

The agreement almost caught Rui off-guard.

It came quickly.

For a moment, he was actually speechless.

"…Deal," Rui remarked. "For the record, it was either-or; I didn't simultaneously offer both those information resources. Heal my father, and you get one use of Sage-level prophecy. Or regular access to the Elder Tree. If you want both, you'll have to offer something additional that is equally valuable."

The Divine Doctor's frozen smile widened. "And just what would you be willing to accept for both?"

"Oh, I don't know." Rui shrugged exaggeratedly. "How about practicing medicine in the Kandrian Empire?"

Amusement emerged on the Divine Doctor's face as he burst out laughing. "Do you have any idea how many powerful nations and organizations desperately seek my services?"

"Do you have any idea how many powerful nations and organizations seek the Silas Clan?" Rui snorted. "Or how many would seek the Elder Tree's intelligence and power if they knew it was even more fantastical than the legends?"

This was something that the Divine Doctor could not disagree with in good faith.

-



Chapter 1997 Stethoscopic Offer

﻿﻿The dynamics of the conversation shifted the moment Rui revealed the Silas Clan and the Elder Tree as bargaining chips. Now, it was almost as if the Divine Doctor was more eager to negotiate with Rui than the other way around.

Both of them knew the Divine Doctor would be lying if he said he was an asset that was equal in value to the Silas Clan and the Elder Tree. In fact, Rui knew that he would probably struggle to compete in value against even one of them, but he didn't mention that at the moment.

"Access to prophecy and the Elder Tree is a continuous service," Rui informed him. "If you want continuous access to prophecy, you need to provide continuous services to the Kandrian Empire."

A continuous service was generally more valuable than a one-time service, assuming all other variables were equal.

"…Be that as it may, I cannot search for Gaia's illness if I practice medicine in Kandria," he retorted clinically. "I cannot forsake my mission."

"I'm not asking you to," Rui calmly replied. "You yourself do not need to personally endeavor the world to find the illness. In fact, I cannot understand why you thought it was a good idea to personally travel across the Beast Domain by yourself instead of relying on Martial Masters. Are you simply trying to prove that you are the only human who can do so by relying exclusively on your own skills? It took you more than a decade to travel to the Mellow, while it took Kane and me three months."

"I cannot rely on Martial Artists because no Martial Artists understand the Tree of Life." He shook his head. "It is not enough to travel; one needs to have a deep understanding of the biosphere to be qualifi-"

The man froze mid-sentence as a realization clicked.

He glanced at Rui.

The expression on Rui's face revealed that he, too, had had the exact same thought. Their minds had simultaneously arrived at a sole possibility that neither of them had considered prior.

"I'm too busy," Rui replied, raising his hands. "My Martial Path is Adaptive Evolution. Adaptive Evolution is a reactive phenomenon and cannot occur actively; it can only occur in response to what I expose it to. To be able to fulfill my life's ambition to adaptively evolve to all forces in existence, I need to devote myself to exposing myself to them, one by one. I don't have time to-"

"-that's perfect!" The Divine Doctor exclaimed, growing excited. "Searching for Gaia's illness will require you to be exposed to everything Gaia has. You are the only Martial Artist, aside from the unmoving Transcendents, who has the ability to serve as my stethoscope for this entire planet!"

Yet his smile froze as Rui's demeanor grew icy.

"I am not your tool."

Rui's voice was chilling.

The Divine Doctor's eyes widened as he gazed into Rui's eyes.

They were pitch black.

Within their depths stirred an endless darkness.

A void.

It instantly cooled down the Divine Doctor's excitement. Yet, the idea was too thrilling for him to let it go. The Divine Doctor instinctively knew that Rui was qualified to effectively serve as a conduit to search for the illness that ailed Gaia.

Perhaps it was because he could sense the enlightenment of the Tree of Life that had perched itself in his Mind Palace. Perhaps it was because he had verified Rui's knowledge with a handful of exceptionally difficult questions.

Yet, he had found a solution that could accelerate his diagnosing process by orders of magnitude. A Martial Senior's sensory range and travel speed were so much higher than his own that it wasn't even funny.

"…That wasn't my intention," the Divine Doctor's frozen smile composed itself. "I was merely suggesting that practicing medicine in the Kandrian Empire was a perfectly amenable condition if you were willing to undertake a Martial commission from me in return."

The Divine Doctor wisely adjusted his words, framing his previous remark in the context of a commission. Martial Artists were accustomed to taking Martial commissions in one form or the other. Thus, it was hardly an offensive suggestion.

"…A commission?" Faint interest lit up in Rui's eyes as he regained his composure.

"A commission." The Divine Doctor confirmed. "A commission to help me diagnose Gaia. No time limits. No limiting conditions. No minimum hours of work. I merely seek an outcome. You may complete it passively while going about exposing yourself to all the forces in this world to fulfill your aforementioned ambition."Th.ê most uptod/at𝓮 n𝒐vels a/re published on n(0)velbj)n(.)c/o/m

Rui understood what he was offering.

Rui suggested that if he wanted both prophecy and continuous contact with the Elder Tree, he would need to offer much more than just healing the Emperor of Harmony. He would need to offer his medicine services continuously in Kandria to make use of such super assets.

However, doing so would mean he could not proceed with his life's mission, for he would remain stuck in Kandria. Thus, the only way he could access both super assets and proceed with his mission was if a qualified Martial Artist with deep enlightenment about the Tree of Life proceeded with the diagnosis process in his stead.

If he could get Rui to do that, the probability that he would succeed in diagnosing Gaia rose tremendously. Not only would a superior searcher do the searching in the Divine Doctor's stead, but he would also gain access to both super assets instead of just one.

Successfully diagnosing Gaia would become a realistic outcome!

Yet, the condition was that Rui agreed to the commission. If he didn't, then the Divine Doctor would be forced to do the physical searching himself, which meant he couldn't practice medicine in Kandria, leaving him with only prophecy and not the Elder Tree's intelligence.

Rui closed his eyes. "…It is not something I care to decide upon now. I will decide on whether or not I accept your commission after we get out of this place and after you heal my father."

-



Chapter 1998 Fleshed Strategy

﻿﻿The Divine Doctor was not pleased by Rui's abstention, but Rui didn't care.

He had gotten the Divine Doctor to agree to participate in his plan. He had also gotten the Divine Doctor to agree to heal his father in return for his grandmother's prophecy.

He had managed to secure an agreement for both things that he cared for at the moment: Breaking out of the dungeon and getting his father healed.

Very rapidly, the tables turned as Rui held all the cards.

He was mixed about the Divine Doctor's commission. He was initially displeased at being referred to as a stethoscope, a tool. But when he rationally considered the Divine Doctor's offer, it wasn't particularly disagreeable.

He just didn't care to think about it at the moment.

He had far more important things to care about.

"Since everybody is on board with the plan, allow me to concretely go over the plan," Rui remarked. "The preparations prior to the commencement of the plan involve me standing at the exact opposite side of the center of the Mellow Dungeon at the center of the Mellow lake."

Because the Mellow Manifold essentially functioned as a small planetoid, getting the Master-level beast as far as possible from the core of the dungeon meant getting it to the very opposite side of the planetoid.

"Kane and Doc will be positioned here at the edge of the island," Rui remarked, drawing a rough drawing of the Mellow Dungeon and Manifold. "The operation will commence when you detect a fake Master-level aura from me, a sign that I have already begun using the Mind Mask technique to fake a Master-level threat to draw the beast out. The moment you detect that, Kane, you will escort the Divine Doctor to the core at high speed, got it?"Rêađ lat𝒆st ch𝒂/p/ters on n𝒐/v/𝒆/l(b)i𝒏(.)c/𝒐/m

"Got it." Kane nodded seriously.

Fortunately, this was well within this skillset and experience. A high-speed evacuation was one of the things that was often expected of speed-oriented Martial Artists in the Martial industry. Thus, he was very much able to shift the Divine Doctor at high speeds and surge towards the core of the Mellow Dungeon.

"…The moment you detect the fake Master-level aura, the race will have begun," Rui remarked. "From that point on, everybody is on a clock, any delays of any kind can mean the difference between breaking out of the dungeon alive and dying in this prison."

The importance of Kane and the Divine Doctor working with speed could not be understated. Assuming Rui was able to survive like he insisted he was able to, it still meant that they needed to get things done without any inefficiency. Rui could not buy them endless time.

"The key is to use Void Step," Rui insisted to Kane. "I've already gotten rid of any creatures powerful enough to sense you despite it. Thus, as long as you avoid literally running into them, you should be able to get into the undefended core of the Mellow Dungeon after I draw out the Master-level beast."

"Gotcha; I'll have it activated even before you begin so that there is no delay," Kane reassured him. "Also, I'll need to keep it active on myself and the doc when we reach the source of the manifold, right?"

Rui nodded. "The dungeon has ensured that all enslaved creatures are constantly moving toward the core of the dungeon by creating a gradient of quality of resources such that it increases the closer you get to the core. The moment the Master-level beast leaves the core of the dungeon, the remaining creatures will immediately start migrating toward the center of the open dungeon due to the vacancy. You will need to maintain Void Step to avoid being targeted by the migrating beasts."

"Additionally, the resulting chaos that will ensue over the limited high-quality resources at the core might result in inadvertent hindering," the Divine Doctor prudently pointed out.

Rui nodded appreciatively. "You'll not only need to help him with incapacitating the source of the manifold but also ensure that both of you evade any strays."

Kane would need to multi-task and keep his awareness active at all times.

"You, on the other hand, need to focus only on the source and nothing else," Rui pointedly informed the Divine Doctor. "Leave your security to Kane and focus on disabling the manifold in the shortest time possible."

"I am Ninety-nine-point-eight percent confident that I am able to accomplish this feat," the Divine Doctor clinically informed Rui. "The only thing that could stop me is if you are unable to fulfill your end of the plan."

"Leave that to me," Rui's eyes flashed with steely determination. "I will stall the Master-level beast by any and all means necessary."

Rui had no intention of failing. He would keep the Master-level beast to himself, and he would withstand the ensuing battle with the preparations that he had made in little over two years.

If disabling the manifold required merely a minute of work, then he would stall for a minute.

If disabling the manifold required an hour of work, then he would stall for an hour.

And if it required stalling the Master-level beast for an entire day, then he would grit his teeth and weather the battle for a full whole day.

Had any other Martial Senior dared to try, they would have been diagnosed with suicidality or insanity. Yet, when Rui promised them he would buy them as much time as needed, it was difficult to deny.

Rui and the Divine Doctor fleshed out some of the niche details and possible scenarios and how they ought to react, firmly fleshing out the plan at rapid speeds as the two exchanged ideas and information swiftly at a pace beyond Kane's comprehension.

Soon after, a week passed as Rui and Kane elevated themselves to their absolute mental and physical peaks while the Divine Doctor engaged in his own preparations for Operation Prisonbreak.

Yet, soon enough, the critical moment had finally arrived.

-



Chapter 1999 Commencement

﻿﻿In the past week, the world may as well have ceased to exist.

For Rui, at least.

He immersed himself in a deep meditation.Rêađ lat𝒆st ch𝒂/p/ters on n𝒐/v/𝒆/l(b)i𝒏(.)c/𝒐/m

He refined his concentration, honing his focus.

The world around him slowly ceased to exist as his mind entered a state of mental singularity, filtering out all information outside of the state of concentration. A state of consciousness is often referred to as the zone or flow state.

It was delicate and fragile.

Fickle in its ability to be achieved.

Rui would often immerse himself in psychological conditioning to allow him to enter such a state.

Yet, he had never entered it in less than a week outside of spontaneous luck.

This time, however, it was as though the sum totality of his being understood the gravity of the situation that he was in.

It understood the consequences of failure.

Thus, it readily complied, allowing Rui to enter a state of mind where he could exert more than a hundred-percent of his regular power.

That, along with all the gains that he had made in the past five years away from Kandria, meant that he was the strongest that he had ever been in his entire life. Fitting, considering he was going to face what was undoubtedly the strongest opponent he had ever faced in his entire life.

A Master-level beast.

It was almost surreal.

What had he been thinking, he often wondered.

It was almost as though he had been in a trance when he chose to be the bait.

His eyes opened facing the distant, dark core of the dungeon.

Within it lay what could be the most glorious accomplishment or the most inglorious blunder.

He had considered sneaking a peak into the Master-level core of the Mellow Dugeon many times in the past two years.

How could he not even consider it?

If he could gain data directly on the Master-level beast, it would increase the probability that he would survive.

Yet, he knew that the moment he entered the Master-level core, the creature would detect him. It was undoubtedly tranced as well, considering that it never once left the core. That meant that it would undoubtedly pounce on him as well since he was entering an area that the dungeon considered 'restricted.'

It was due to this that Rui ultimately avoided the master-level core. Triggering the battle against the Master-level core prematurely and that too in the core itself, would have been utterly disastrous.

The time he spent meditating was merely a week, yet it may as well have been an eternity within the depths of his mind.

Within the depths of his mind, he painstakingly erased every single superfluous and irrelevant thought as he focused the sum entirety of his concentration and focus on his breathing and heartbeat.

His focus increasingly sharpened, honing itself.

His concentration gathered, becoming a force unto itself.

He had reached such a deep state of immersion that Kane winced when he arrived at him, almost as if the sharpness of Rui's mental pressure had physically cut him.

"Hey…" He gently called to Rui. "…It's time."

Rui's eyes opened, turning to Kane.

Yet, he wasn't looking at Kane. His eyes were fixed on the objective of Operation Prisonbreak.

At that moment, nothing else mattered.

Nothing else ought to matter.

Had anything else mattered, he would be weaker.

Therefore, he painstakingly entered a temporary state where nothing else could matter.

STEP

He got up, gazing at his own hands.

His body was at its absolute peak. In the past week, he abstained from consuming any rejuvenation potions, letting his body get a full, natural night of sleep. He adjusted his diet perfectly, to ensure that he wasn't even the slightest bit hampered in the ensuing fight.

"Let's go." His voice was steely.

It wasn't long before they arrived at the Divine Doctor's makeshift abode. The man was clearly prepared, armed with a variety of tools and test tubes filled with various substances.

"I'm all ready." His voice contained a hint of cheeriness. "What a lovely day it is today."

Almost as if he was embarking on a picnic than an operation, the failure of which would lead to his death.

"Tsk," Kane grumbled. "Read the atmosphere."

"I care not for brooding anxiety of death," the man lightly replied. "I'm immortal, remember?"

Kane scowled at him.

"Is everybody ready?" Rui asked calmly.

"I have everything I require for my role in the plan," the Divine Doctor lightly commented.

"Same." Kane patted his trusty twin daggers.

"…Good," Rui closed his, turning around. "Then, I'll get into position."

WHOOSH

He sky-walked away from the Mellow island, heading to the very other side of the Mellow planetoid. He arrived at the point most opposite to the very center of the dungeon, standing well above the Mellow Lake.

"Ready?" Rui called out, manipulating heaven to permeate it far further than it would have ever been able to otherwise.

"READY!" He heard Kane's voice emerging from the other side of the planetoid.

"Huff…" Rui heaved a soft sigh as he placed a hand on his heart.

At that moment, it was as though the weight of the very world pressed down on him.

Yet, it was a weight he felt strong enough to carry.

BADUMP

His Martial Heart blazed into existence as a surge of power emerged from within the depths of his body. Bright red streaks emerged from his heart, spreading across his entire body.

Time slowed down in his eyes as his senses deepened and spread across the entire manifold. An extraordinary rush of energy emerged from within each cell as the Martial Heart shined in all its glory.

He constructed a powerful Mind Mask rapidly, one that was more powerful than any other Mind Mask he had ever donned in his entire life.

A fake Master-level aura spread across the entire manifold, reaching every nook and cranny of the Mellow Dungeon.

Including, of course, its very core.

RUMBLE!!!

The world shook as all hell broke loose!



