Chapter 2130  Named Technique



Rui had accurately surmised that Master Vertol had developed a strategy and system of thought against precisely the battle dynamic that their battle had taken.

Master Vertol had long asked himself how he was to overcome a foe that could not only overcome his Yin-Yang Shield but was fast enough to evade all his attempts to return the favor.

After all, he was, well, fat as a matter of design. His bulky body allowed him to absorb damage extremely well. However, it restricted his speed and mobility. He had thought long and hard about the solution to this dilemma. And he had found it.

BOOOOOM!!!

A powerful blow crashed into his bare belly, digging deep. Yet before the core of the damage could be inflicted, Rui's eye widened as he suddenly canceled his attack and leaped back.

No one who witnessed that would understand why he did something so illogical.

Yet, Rui knew.

"You…" He narrowed his eyes. A grin appeared on Master Vertol's bloodied face as he protruded and sucked in his gut, demonstrating extreme abdominal control. "To think that you saw through that. Your Martial Mind is truly insightful."

Rui stared at him cautiously.

Had he not pulled his attack back at the last moment, he would have lost the fight then and there.

It was subtle.

His strategy was simple. n/o/vel/b//in dot c//om

Most people would have missed it. Not Rui.

"You're prolonging the impact," he accused.

"Right on target, Void Prince." Master Vertol took his stance once more. "Come. It won't go as smoothly as before."

Rui stared at him knowingly. He manipulated his muscles and gut to expand to meet incoming attacks before contracting them to increase the distance over which an impact had to stretch over to actually inflict damage.

The greater the distance of an impact, the more time it took to inflict damage.

And the more time it took to inflict damage…

'…the more time he has to get a hold of me.' Rui narrowed his eyes.

That was his true aim. Had Rui gone through with his attack, Master Vertol would have prolonged the impact by sucking his gut deeply along with the attack and used the opportunity to ensnare Rui into a grappling match.

He would have undoubtedly won the fight had Rui allowed him to get away with that. Although Rui had indeed grown much stronger in the past three years, he had not gained any additional proficiency in grappling.

Thus, it was highly likely that any grappling match would have ended up in Rui's loss for a second time.

He immediately put grappling on his long to-do list. He had undoubtedly neglected it without even realizing so for quite some time now. Alas, there was no point in mourning his regrets in the battle. There was only victory or defeat.

"I should apologize, I treated this more as a spar rather than a proper battle."

Master Vertol frowned. "Hm?"

WHOOSH

His eyes widened as Rui appeared before him in an instant, his fist surging at his gut.

Master Vertol's eyes sharpened as he sucked his gut in. His arms flew forward, determined to get a hold of Rui.

WHOOSH

His hands clasped an empty image.

A feint.

It was well within Rui's prediction.

BOOOM!!

A powerful kick empowered with his new technique and Outer Convergence blasted the back of Master Vertol's head, delivering a tremendous impact to his skull.

The sheer amount of power imparted in the impact instantly inflicted immense blunt force trauma, exceeding a critical threshold.

THUD Master Vertol collapsed, unconscious.

Rui gazed at him silently as he deactivated his techniques and his Realms of power, heaving a sigh.

The only reason that their previous fight had gone the way it had gone was that Rui had no way to inflict any meaningful damage on the man.

That was no longer true the moment he mastered his new technique.

Of course, Master Vertol had proven to be not just extremely resilient, but capable of solidly withstanding the onslaught that Rui had unleashed with Hypertrophic Surge, Outer Convergence, and his new technique. On top of that, he had come close to reaching victory for a moment there.

It was a simple yet effective strategy that would have allowed him to turn the tables around completely.

Unfortunately for him, his opponent was Rui.

He had not only managed to avoid the trap but bypass it to finish the fight on the spot with his new technique.

"Also, it's about damn time that I name it," Rui muttered, glancing at his hands.

For a moment, he was silent, undecided.

Eventually, he decided on a simple name.

"Yin-Yang Spear."

After the technique very much functioned like a spear version of the Yin-Yang Shield, both in principle and function. Rui couldn't be bothered to muster up the creativity to come up with a more flamboyant or ostentatious name.

With that, the technique project finally felt like it had truly come to an end. It had taken him more time than any other technique, yet, its results followed suit, leaving him satisfied with the end outcome that he had received upon investment of all that time and effort.

Because each year that passed was that of his youth, where he retained an extreme capacity for growth and learning, he was extremely sensitive about how he spent his time. "Now then…" He heaved a sigh. "What to do?"

He did indeed plan to use the manifold to its fullest. However, he also had other things that he needed to do.

"I ought to spend some time in the orphanage before I set out on my next endeavor."

He had not forgotten the regret he had felt for not having spent more time in the orphanage when his mother had died. He did not wish to experience that ever again.

"Ah, I ought to check up with Kane, too; he's probably been training this entire time."

And while he was at it, it might be worth it to take some time to meet his other friends and acquaintances.

-



Chapter 2131  Passage of Time



It had been a while since Rui had visited home. The last time he had done so was before he dove into his training three years ago. Of course, his family had long grown used to the fact that his path as a Martial Artist required him to be away from the orphanage for extended periods of time.

Rui was glad that they had shown remarkable understanding, although he still felt guilty in that regard. However, the good news was that he probably wasn't going to need to spend too much time away from the orphanage.

Although perpetual use of the dungeon was something that he had already written off due to a need for exposure to a variety of forces to grow stronger, he didn't mind using it to accelerate his training phases when all he needed was isolation. Thus, unless he spontaneously decided to leave Kandria for extended periods of time, he could be sure that he would be able to spend plenty of time with his family.

STEP

He found himself before the Quarrier Orphanage, taken aback by how much it had changed in just the span of three years. What had once been an extended neighborhood of homes had now grown into something much larger.

[Quarrier Village]

He stared at a board nailed to the top of a tree.

It was startling.

When he had been a kid, there had been a single home, the original Quarrier orphanage. Since then, more than three decades had passed.

The entire landscape had changed, having grown only larger and larger over time. It almost gave him whiplash, leaving him stunned for a moment.

Each generation of the Quarrier Orphanage had been inspired by Lashara, a mother and grandmother to all of them. Many similar orphanages had sprouted across the entire place, forming a community of caretakers who took care of as many kids as they could.

His mind sense allowed him to directly sense the emotive energy of the atmosphere.

It was pure positivity.

An atmosphere of hope, love, and joy.

Naturally, being comprised of many orphanages, the number of children far outnumbered the adults. They played with each other in the woods around the orphanages. He couldn't help but think about his adoptive mother.

She would have loved what he was looking at.

"Big brother!" Two Martial Squires descended from the sky before him.

Max and Mana approached him with beaming smiles. "You finally returned from your training."

Rui smiled. "…Yeah, I'm back."

He observed the two Martial Squires carefully.

Thankfully, they hadn't been remiss in their training.

They had grown stronger in the past years, having approached the peak of the Squire Realm.

It showed that they had made steady growth in the Squire Realm since having entered it nearly a decade ago.

He was certain that they would reach the threshold of Senior candidacy soon enough. It made him wonder if he ought to break them through.

After all, their Martial Drive was centered around the orphanage. That meant for their Martial Drive to be challenged, the orphanage itself would need to be under grave threat, pushing them to require more power and triggering the activation of the Martial Heart.

That was a circumstance that was never going to happen.

If only because Rui would never let it happen. Although he would love to see the two of them break through to the Senior Realm, he was not willing to allow the orphanage to suffer in service of that desire.

That was why he seriously considered breaking them through the Senior Realm with his own Martial Art. There were risks, of course, but he was confident of being able to mitigate them.

"Big brother?"The two of them broke him out of his reverie, drawing his attention.

Rui smiled. "The two of you have grown, just like this orphanage. Come, I'm eager to meet everyone else." n/ô/vel/b//in dot c//om

Funnily enough, the orphanage had grown to a size where the number of people he knew had shrunk to a minority. Yet, trudging through the orphanage village didn't make him feel out of place.

He drew a lot of attention from everybody even as he concealed his aura.

He was too recognizable, after all.

Not only was he a prince of the Royal Family, but he was also a highly renowned Master for having broken through to the Master Realm at the youngest age anyone ever had. While the gazes of the young children were characterized by innocent curiosity, the gazes of knowing adults were reverent and awed.

At least those of the adults who didn't personally know him.

"Rui." Alice's aged voice drew his attention.

She smiled at him warmly. "You haven't aged a day."

The same could not be said for her.

He had known her his entire life. It was almost impossible to reconcile her current visage with his memories of her when he was a child and she was still a boisterous adolescent in her late teens.

"You know," Rui began with a wry smile, "you used to jump at me and hug me so hard that I thought my Martial Body would break whenever I returned after a while."

"Hoho, if I do that at my age, I will pull my back." She chuckled. "I shall entrust that duty to young Apprentices that have been popping up all over this orphanage these days."

Rui raised an eyebrow. "Really now?"

"Ever since you, many more have followed in your footsteps," she told him with a sigh that was equally amused and exasperated. "You started a trend in this orphanage by being the first Martial Artist among us, followed by Max and Mana here. Now, we have more than a dozen Martial Apprentices who are currently in the academy."

Rui stirred at her words.

Considering the total population of the village, that was a high proportion of Martial Apprentices. Normally, such a thing was possible only when one employed means now banned by the Panamic Martial Federation or had some trump card like the Silas Clan's prophecy, which could increase the number of Martial Artists in the long run.

-



Chapter 2132  Seeking Life



However, he knew that that number would soon grow even higher in the long run once he started triggering breakthroughs in the training manifold. After his meeting with Alice, he ran into all of the first and second-generation members of the original Quarrier Orphanage. It was pleasant, yet bittersweet to Rui in the back of his head.

It reminded him of human mortality. Each of them had gray or white hair and a face full of wrinkles.

Yet they each possessed eyes of peace and serenity.

It wasn't easy living in an orphanage, but things had gotten easier, especially after Rui had become a Martial Artist, and Julian had become a research scholar at the Kandrian Institute of Sciences. The two supplied the orphanage with as much money as they needed and more. They had managed to live a meaningful life, dedicating themselves to giving a home and family to children who had neither.

It was difficult to not grow satisfied when seeing the crystallization of their efforts flourish so well.

"You seem to be doing a little better since the last time I saw you." Julian smiled at him knowingly. "Although, it doesn't appear as though you've fully overcome your dilemma, from what I can tell."

Rui's expression fell a little. "It hasn't been easy. But, I'm on a path to overcoming it."

"Good." Julian sipped a bit of tea. "Direction is all one needs. I'm glad you seem to have found yours."

Rui gazed at him silently, noting how much he had changed now that he was in his late forties.

"You should stop doing that."

Rui raised an eyebrow. "Doing what?"

Julian directed a knowing gaze at him. "Silently dreading our impending demise."

Rui winced at his words, smiling bitterly. "I'm the Martial Master between us, you know?"

Julian chuckled at him. "And I've watched you your entire life. If anything, rather than dreading our mortality, you should be glad that everyone has lived their life out to the fullest, that they will be able to pass without any regrets."

Rui stirred at his words.

That was true.

Although he still missed his mother, he was glad that she had lived a life that allowed her to pass away without any regrets.

"I, for one, am thoroughly enjoying working under the Divine Doctor," Julian remarked. "He is just as impressive as the legends say. The sheer depth of knowledge he has is truly amazing. He far surpasses modern medicine. It is a shame he isn't very interested in spending time on passing his knowledge to the world."

Julian had expressed interest in working under the Divine Doctor when Rui had informed him of the opportunity with the greatest doctor humanity had ever produced.

It was not just a once-in-a-lifetime opportunity.

No.

One could live many lifetimes and never come even close to gaining such an opportunity.

Thus, for the past three years, he had been aiding the Divine Doctor in researching the alien lifeform.

"The past three years have elevated my understanding of what is possible," Julian remarked absentmindedly. "They have altered my worldview of the entire universe."

He narrowed his eyes. "We are not alone."

Rui gazed at him knowingly.

Perhaps the revelation did not hit him as hard due to the fact that he had grown up believing he had been from another world. Thus, the revelation of more worlds was less impactful on him. n/o/vel/b//in dot c//om

However, he could understand why Julian had been truly shaken by the revelation.

"If there are two planets with complex, intelligent life, then there is an overwhelmingly high probability that there exist more planets with simpler forms of life. I have spent many sleepless nights pondering the possibilities." Julian heaved a regretful sigh. "Alas, there is too much to explore, not enough time in all the world to explore it."

Rui sensed regret and resignation in the depths of Julian's mind with his mind sense. He came to the realization that for all Julian told him about how the people of the orphanage lived long and satisfactory lives, he wasn't including himself in that group. His curiosity about the world had led him to become a scientist, researching the mysteries of Gaia.

"It isn't impossible for you to be able to live longer, you know?" Rui informed him. "I could fetch you a life-prolonging potion at this very moment."

Julian's expression grew serious. "Tempting, but no. I do not want to live on time that I haven't earned. I am striving to redeem a potion with my own merits. I do not want to feel like a useless man who would not be here without the grace of his little brother."

"Well, suit yourself." Rui shrugged.

"That's remarkably understanding of you. I thought you would put a much stronger resistance to my choice, insisting that I take one regardless."

That was what had been Rui's first instinct indeed.

However, he had realized that there was no need. He knew that once his father began using the Elder Tree Connection to the absolute maximum, the supply of life-prolonging potions would increase by at least an order of magnitude, if not much more. This meant that there was ten times the chance that his brother would be able to get his hands on one.

Given how brilliant he was, there was no doubt that the Empire would invest in him so that his genius could benefit the entire empire for another century.

"I'm certain that you will be able to redeem one with your own merits, that's why." Rui smiled mysteriously. "Especially if you keep up the great work with the alien research that you're partaking in at the moment."

Julian raised an eyebrow. "Well, I appreciate your confidence. However, it won't be easy. Much of the existing supply is limited to the Emperor and the Martial Sages, followed by Martial Masters like yourself. Us non-Martial Artists have to compete for a much more diminished supply of potions. I will have to work extremely hard to have any chance at getting one."

-



Chapter 2133  Seeking Experience



His time with Julian and the rest of the orphanage had jolted him back to reality.

It had altered his perspective of time.

He was forty years old, although only thirty-eight years had passed since his birth in the real world.

However, he felt and looked twenty-six years old physically.

The combination of having broken through to the Senior Realm and having consumed a particularly potent life-prolonging potion at the biological age of twenty-six meant that his aging had slowed down significantly. For every year that passed, his body aged a few months at the very most. It had warped his perception of time significantly. So much so that three years was nothing to him. It was what a season might be to a normal human. He felt as though someone had put the Quarrier Orphanage in the Mellow Manifold in the time that he had been away. However, he knew that he had to simply accept reality and be glad that the people he had grown up with were living rich and satisfactory lives.

His sole consolation was that Julian, someone he was particularly close to, also sought a life-prolonging potion because he wasn't satisfied with what he could accomplish with the time he had remaining.

Rui found himself spending a few days at the orphanage, taking in life as it was. He trained several Martial Apprentices, as well as Max and Mana, helping them refine their Martial Art.

It was a peaceful life.

Perhaps he would have even sought it had he not been consumed by Project Water. But alas, he was. He would not rest until he had fulfilled his greatest ambition. He knew that he wasn't even remotely close to doing so, even if he made remarkable progress. Being able to adaptively evolve to any and everything required him to be exposed to any and everything.

It meant that he could never remain at one place for too long.

Either he went to the world, or the world needed to come at him.

"I suppose the latter might not be too unrealistic in the near-ish future," he remarked to himself, sitting on a tree overlooking the Quarrier Village.

With his father's ambition to elevate Kandria above all others, he would undoubtedly get a good taste of what the world had to offer as far as Martial Masters went. He would be facing the high-grade Martial Masters of all three Sage-level powerhouses, perhaps even more, depending on how much the war got to escalate.

There was no better avenue than gaining all the vital experience and exposure that he needed to adaptively evolve to everything. It would also be optimal for making him stronger, bringing him closer to answering the ultimate question that all Martial Masters needed to answer to reach a higher Realm of power.

"That's about it for what I've been working on these days," Rui remarked nonchalantly, shifting his gaze. "What about you, Kane?"

The two of them were meeting for the first time in three years, although it didn't feel like any time at all as Martial Artists.

"Building up my systems of thought," Kane muttered, dissatisfied. "It's so hard to think up sophisticated systems of thought. I can't believe you've been doing this since you were an Apprentice. That's just insane."

Rui smiled. "You should master the Mind Palace technique if you're having difficulty juggling lots of information. It is one of the reasons that I was able to use the more information-intensive systems of thought at all. It might help you through it."

"I already have, but even that technique is so difficult to use for anything other than basic facts. In the first place, it's crazy that you were able to use it to memorize the entire Shionel Dungeon. Or the entire Garden of Salvation."

Kane assumed that he would be able to rapidly memorize information and organize it efficiently in ways that allowed for swift retrieval and processing. Nôv(el)B\\jnn

However, after purchasing the technique, he realized that not only was it not supposed to allow for such things, it was insanely difficult.

It stressed imagination to the very limit just to conjure up a detailed room in his mind to actually store information.

Rui made it look easy.

"Sigh, I don't know if I can create a Martial Mind. It seems way too hard," Kane grumbled.

"Hm, if you're having difficulty, then maybe you should try the speed-oriented voidlet techniques that I created precisely to increase the rate of breakthroughs to the Master Realm," Rui calmly informed him.

Kane frowned. "I thought those were for aspirants and Apprentices."

"They are…" Rui admitted. "However, I've been informed that the Martial Artists across the entirety of the lower Realms have purchased and learned them. Apparently, a new Martial Master credits her breakthrough to them. They are a collection of relatively simple rules of thumb and heuristics organized into a single system of thought. It is meant to be extremely broad, flexible, and open to lots of customization and expansion. You might find what you're looking for there."

Kane's eyes lit up with interest. "That sounds like a pretty good option, to be honest. Maybe I'll give it a shot. Better than banging my head against a wall."

"In general, building a Martial Mind takes a long, long time," Rui remarked. "My circumstances are not normal. In fact, they are more extraordinary than most people can even begin to dream of."

Kane nodded knowingly.

Knowing the truth had made him feel much less pressed about the gap between them. He knew that Rui had been blessed with some incredible circumstances that had aided him to his heights.

"Although those same circumstances are coming to bite me in the ass when it comes to breaking through to Sage Realm," Rui murmured with dissatisfaction. "…What do you plan on doing now?" Kane wondered. "Another training phase?"

"Definitely not." Rui shook his head. "What I need is…"

His eyes narrowed. "…experience. For the foreseeable future. I'm going to accrue as much experience as possible."

-



Chapter 2134  Kandrian Martial Chambers



Not even a week had passed before Rui grew bored and restless.

A peaceful life was fun before one realized that it also meant that there was nothing for a Martial Master to do.

He visited some of his old friends, talking to them about how things had changed while reminiscing about their days in the academy. So many of them were so different from how they were more than ten years ago that it was rather jarring at several points.

In comparison, he might as well be frozen in time. His breakthrough to the Master Realm naturally put some distance between himself and Martial Artists of the Lower Realms. However, he had already accepted that this was the price of breaking through to the Master Realm. He wasn't sure that he could have normal relationships with people outside of the orphanage.

Yet, once it was all over, he yearned to go back to training.

And he did.

His father had already commenced Operation Transcension a week ago.

This meant that at this point in time, the manifold was almost certainly up and running.

He knew that his father planned to break the news to the Martial Community, slowly and in a limited fashion. He could not just come out and tell everyone that they had developed a four-dimensional Manifold for training that altered the flow of time such that fourteen seconds passed in it every time one second passed in the real world.

That was a foolish way of going about it.

While Martial Masters and Martial Sages were qualified to know the whole truth, Martial Artists of the Lower Realms were simply unqualified and untrusted to know the entire truth. Rui suspected that his father would be deceptive when explaining the effects of the dungeon and, sure enough, he was right.

"Hey, big brother, do you know about that training drug that the Martial Union apparently developed that messes with your sense of the flow of time?" Mana frowned. "Apparently, if you consume it, it messes with how your mind and body perceive how time flows. So you can get a lot of work done in a short amount of time. We've saved up a lot of Martial Credits. Do you think we should purchase a dose of the drug?"

Rui smiled knowingly. "It's probably the best decision you can make."

"Really? Hmmm… then we'll definitely purchase it."

His father and the Martial Union had gone about it in an interesting but prudent manner. This way, the investigative efforts of any foreign power were doomed to be stalled due to focusing on the wrong direction.

The amount of time it would take them to see through this deception would most certainly increase.

Soon enough, this 'drug' would spike in demand for its training benefits while other nations would conduct their own research and intelligence gathering to crack the formula. On top of that, they could fake everyone out by expressing a high demand for materials and ingredients that had some correlation to the alleged effect of the drug.

Rui couldn't help but grin at the thought.

They also would probably increase the prices of the dungeon once its effects became well-known. So much so that even Martial Masters would need to compete in order to gain access to it.

Not Rui, of course. As the part-owner of the dungeon, he had complete access to the dungeon at all times.

He had no intention of being remiss in its utility. However, staying there for too long without stimulation for his Adaptive Evolution would impede his Martial Path. While he couldn't afford to abuse the dungeon due to that, he most certainly could afford to use it for training new techniques or grinding for some experience.

It was what he intended to do.

STEP

Rui had arrived in the depths of a forest, gazing at nothing in particular. "Here?" he asked, shifting his gaze to the suited man who stood beside him.

"Yes, Your Highness."

Rui's gaze returned to nothing in particular. "Well, I assume you have some way of communicating with the team managing the manifold inside."

"Indeed, Your Highness." The man pulled out a strange device with a special esoteric substance stuck inside it. "His Majesty has established a system of protocols of how, why, and when the manifold can be opened. We are to open and close it as and when you desire."

"Good to know." Rui smirked. "Now, open it up; I can't wait to see what my father and the Martial Union have done with it."

"Yes, Your Highness." The man pressed a button, and soon enough, Rui felt a ripple through space and time itself.

The manifold had opened.

Yet…

"I don't see anything." Rui frowned at the unchanged scenery before him before realization dawned on him. "Ah, I see…"

"The entire manifold boundary is armed with state-of-the-art Sage-level sensory disguising technology, Your Highness," the man informed Rui. "Let us step inside."

And he did.

Just one step forward and—

WHOOSH Nôv(el)B\\jnn

Rui's eyes widened when his entire view changed.

One moment, he was in a forest.

The next moment, he found himself staring at an enormous expanse of training infrastructure and facilities that stretched as far as the eye could see. An ocean of cutting-edge Martial training resources. The dream of any Martial Artist.

"…Woah," he whispered.

He couldn't help but get lost in the sheer scale of the investment that both the Kandrian Government and the Martial Union had put into the project. It was an enormous project that had taken an unfathomable amount of resources and capital to build.

"This is a game changer," he murmured, rising to the sky to get a better look at everything.

His father had gone all out.

He had undoubtedly drained the Royal Inventory of esoteric resources to help see the project right through to the very end. However, Rui also knew that they would be able to recoup all of it soon enough thanks to the Elder Tree Connection; thus, it could be seen as an investment for the future.

-



Chapter 2135  Resource Allocation



Rui had to admit that his father and the Martial Union had made the manifold far more useful than it had been on its own. Although he had found a way to make do without resources when developing his Muspelheim and Niflheim techniques, he had to admit that things would have gone a lot smoother if he had the Martial Union's resources when developing those two techniques.

Now, with the manifold armed with the best of what the Kandrian Empire as a whole had to offer, it truly was as though the Martial Union was buying time, relative to the rest of the world.

He spread his senses across the entire manifold, taking a good look at all the progress that had been made by the two most powerful forces of Kandria.

At first glance, one might find it surprising that not all of the space had been dedicated to Martial Art.

Only eighty-five percent of the space had been dedicated to Martial Art. n/o/vel/b//in dot c//om

The remaining space had been dedicated to non-Martial-Art-related activities. He spotted some rather large research complexes as well as entire building complexes dedicated to the management of the rest of the manifold.

After all, all the infrastructure and training resources weren't going to manage and maintain themselves. An entire department of divisions and teams was required to manage the whole thing from end to end.

"The question is how you're going to manage having so many civilians working on a national treasure without causing any leaks…" Rui narrowed his eyes.

It didn't matter how much the Kandrian Government and Martial Union worked on vetting their staff. Putting so many people in direct exposure to such an important secret would undoubtedly cause at least one of them to leak precious intelligence in one way or another. He had his doubts until he found another massive section dedicated to vast expansive residential blocs.

"Ah… I suppose they cannot leak information if they never leave the manifold ever again."

It was a brutal strategy to seal any and all intelligence risks, yet highly effective nonetheless.

Emperor Rael most likely decided to make the secret hiring program specify 'for life' and 'can never leave' conditions.

He didn't need to resort to dark means, either.

The world was filled with all kinds of desperate people who were willing to do anything to escape their hellish circumstances. It would be quite easy to use those circumstances to get them to agree to extreme conditions, even if Kandrian wages and remuneration would undoubtedly be like heaven to them.

Many would call that exploitation, but Rui knew that neither his father nor the Martial Union cared about such principles. By the standards of this brutal Age of Martial Art, just not forcefully enslaving them and making them work against their will could be considered quite virtuous.

Rui could technically push back this unethical arrangement if he wanted, with his authority over it, but the truth was that he didn't care about it either.

He was more interested in evaluating how well his father and the Martial Union had made use of the space of the manifold, and whether it was the most optimal division of resources or not. In that regard, it made complete sense to dedicate an overwhelming majority of the space to Martial Art and only a minority to R&D.

After all, the greatest constraint to Martial Art was time.

Cultivating Martial Artists took a lot of time.

Cultivating Apprentices took years.

Cultivating Squires took more than a decade.

Cultivating Seniors took multiple decades, often more than a century.

By the time one reached the upper Realms, multiple centuries were required.

In comparison, building a single Sage-level siege weapon of mass destruction took eighteen months on average.

It was precisely this massive disparity in the time needed that Martial Artists had not managed to render siege weapons obsolete even if they were vastly superior in combat in many ways.

Thus, had anything less than eighty percent of the space been dedicated purely to Martial Art, it would have been called a travesty.

"Alright, time to check out the combat arenas."

Rui dove as he surged to the Master-level section, coming across a vast field surrounded by a solid dome that restricted all outside vision into the dome. A prudent measure, considering how harmful Martial Embodiments were to the human mind. Eventually, he found himself touring the entire combat arena for Martial Masters.

STEP

"Nice…" Rui murmured, sweeping his gaze across the entire area. "I assume this is armed with the power to ensure that the power of Martial Masters is contained within, right?"

"Yes, Your Highness," the manager of the arena remarked eagerly. "We cannot afford to have the rest of the Kandrian Martial Chambers experience adverse effects from the combat sparring between two Martial Masters."

Rui nodded.

The place was a little cramped for Martial Masters, of course, however, he had to admit that the benefits astronomically outweighed this particular shortcoming.

"Alright, I'm booking this place for myself," Rui announced.

"Of course, Your Highness," the manager nodded enthusiastically. "How long do you wish to book it to your name?"

Rui smiled. "Indefinitely long. I'm not leaving until I have completely satisfied my requirements for this place."

"Er, I'm afraid monopolizing of any given resource is not allowe—"

"I own the resource," Rui retorted calmly. "Partially, anyway. I can make use of any resource unless both the Martial Union and my father personally interject. Until then, it is mine for however I want to use it."

As far as Rui was concerned, he was entitled to at least this much, considering how much he had gone through to find and escape from the dungeon, before bringing it back home and sharing its ownership with his father and the Martial Union to compensate for his discretions.

He had earned the right to override the interests of others for the safety of his own, to a reasonable extent.

"Alright." A small grin cracked at the edge of his mouth. "Time to send commissions to all Martial Masters in the Kandrian Empire."

-



Chapter 2136  Gaining Experience



All hundred and seventy Martial Masters of the Kandrian Empire had received Rui's commissions for experience training. Not all of them were inclined to accept, of course.

Some were far weaker than he was, unable to provide any meaningful experience to him. Many didn't want to cross fists with the prodigious Void Prince, due to his immense political status.

Yet, there were plenty who did accept his commissions, choosing to humor him in a fight. A lot of them were Martial Masters who were deeply motivated. in trying out the manifold anyway.

After all, the manifold was such a precious resource that each Martial Master pounced at the opportunity to secure one slot or another. Each and every one of them had been stunned when the Sage Council briefed them on the miracle of the manifold. A place where they made fourteen times as much progress relative to their progress outside?

It was such an absurd proposition that hardly any of them could bring themselves to believe it at first. However, when they realized that the Sage Council was not in the habit of pulling impractical jokes and that the Void Prince had indeed brought back home such a magical treasure, most of them leaped at the opportunity.

If they could have it their way, most Martial Masters would have migrated into the manifold just to ensure that they didn't fall behind their peers. After all, for every day that they trained outside, their peers inside the manifold would have trained for fourteen days.

However, Emperor Rael and the Sage Council ensured that the distribution of resources that only half of all Masters of the Empire could train in the manifold at any time. This was to ensure that the Kandrian Empire did not lose all of its Martial Masters in one fell swoop.

The Empire could not afford to have all of its Masters merrily training away inside the manifold.

Martial Masters were important to not just the functioning and security of the Martial Union, but also the economy and national security of the entire state.

Having all of them disappear into a four-dimensional manifold for a few months at a time was disastrous for the nation.

Thus, only half of all Masters, the most meritorious ones, were able to gain access to the dungeon at first.

Thus, many of the Masters who jumped at Rui's commission for combat were actually those who weren't able to secure their own slots on the first try. Thus, they resorted to entering the manifold by accepting Rui's commissions.

His Martial Master friends were the first to jump at the opportunity.

WHOOSH WHOOSH WHOOSH

Rui whizzed through the Master-level arena, avoiding the long-range attacks that Master Ceeran pelted in his direction.

Yet, that was not enough.

WHOOSH!

The attacks abruptly turned their direction of attack, accelerating towards Rui.

Master Ceeran's Martial Path was post-trajectory manipulation, allowing him to manipulate long-range attacks even after they had been fired at his opponents. Thus, there was no such thing as avoiding his attacks.

His eyes narrowed, focusing on Rui as he activated his systems of thought. 'Weaving Pathfinder: Phase One.' One of the strategies he had developed that helped him create his Martial Mind was created specifically to deal with opponents faster than his wind and sound projectiles. Speed and maneuvering Martial Artists with immense agility often frustrated him when he was a Senior.

Until Rui had taught him the Pathfinder technique more than fifteen years ago. He modified the ODA System to create a system of thought that allowed him to geometrically corner his opponent in a tapestry woven from sound and wind. n/ô/vel/b//in dot c//om

One that would envelop them and leave them with no room to escape.

This was the strategy he had developed to deal with people he couldn't tag due to speed.

'Now!' His eyes flashed as he curled his fingers and shifted his breathing, causing all the attacks around the maneuvering to curl onto him, leaving him no room to escape.

BOOOM!!

"Yes!" Master Ceeran grinned, celebrating.

BOOOM!!!

An even more powerful Yin-Yang Spear crashed into his arm, dealing him an immensely heavy impact.

It was over.

By the time, he even gathered his bearings, he found himself staring at Rui's fist, poised to strike him.

He heaved a sigh, raising his hands in resignation. "Alright, your win."

Rui smiled. "Good fight, you're even stronger than I expected."

"Hah," Master Ceeran grumbled. "That's hard to believe, considering that you didn't even use your hypnosis, domains, or that body manipulation technique of yours."

Rui smiled. "True. But the point of this exercise is to gain more experience, not stack more victories."

"How did you even escape unharmed?" Master Ceeran complained. "I thought I saw you nailed."

"No," Rui shook his head. "That is just what you wanted to see. And, I just showed it to you. All I had to was read your heaven-bending and your intentions to know when the right moment to trick you was. Your heaven bending grows more strained the closer you get."

Rui had managed to discern the timing that his friend was going for by relying on such tells and other patterns that allowed him to time the simplest of misdirection to use the man's expectations against him.

"Such finesse," Master Ceeran murmured. "Honestly, it would have hurt my pride if you just beat me up straightforwardly."

"Now, where's the fun in that?" A smirk cracked at the edge of the edge of his mouth. "It was a good fight. It would probably do you good to improve the lethality of your long-range offensive…"

As Rui spoke, Master Ceeran couldn't help but look back at the good old days when he was a whole Realm above Rui. He had always had an inkling that Rui would one day surpass him. However, he hadn't expected Rui to shoot past him to such an overwhelming degree. It hurt his pride, yet it also made him more excited to witness the heights that Rui would undoubtedly ascend to.

-



Chapter 2137  Repurposed Domain



Rui began sparring with as many Martial Masters as he could. He overcame the power gaps and most Martial Masters by sealing entire parts of his Martial Art, restricting his power to whatever was necessary and forcing himself to overcome them with sheer Adaptive Evolution.

This way the difficulty allowed him to extract some meaningful experience from the battle. As long as he could restrict enough techniques from the battle, he could essentially recreate a power dynamic similar to that of fighting an equal.

If he didn't do this, the number of Martial Masters that he would be able to fight would be extremely scarce as he was a particularly powerful high-grade Martial Master with the Yin-Yang Spear at his disposal.

Of course, this came with its downsides as well.

The more he held back, the less relevant the experience of that particular battle became. After all, he wouldn't hold back so much in a real fight.

That was why he valued fights where he didn't need to hold back.

WHOOSH WHOOSH WHOOSH

Master Zentra cleanly evaded a series of Mighty Roar Flash Blasts from Rui as he swerved in and about the battle arena. His sharp eyes focused on Rui as he dodged his attacks one after another.

Yet, it didn't last long.

BAM BAM BAM!!

Several attacks from Rui struck him true and hard.

However, he didn't so much as flinch, blocking them with his hand, which had spontaneously grown thicker, developing what was almost a second layer of flesh that was like armor.

Rui narrowed his eyes at the technique.

It resembled Nemean Blossom in some ways, in both appearance and functionality.

He was not surprised.

The Surgeon was famed for his body control and mastery, a field that was created by his former master, Sir Armstrong.

Yet even Rui couldn't help but realize that he had underestimated the man's mastery over his body when he saw him alter his skeleton structure to increase his proficiency in maneuvering and mobility.

That wasn't all. The tissue in his body radically altered, growing translucent and, eventually, fully transparent.

WHOOSH!

He disappeared, turning into a hazy blur in Rui's senses.

"Clever," Rui muttered under his breath as he stressed his senses to the maximum.

Master Zentra knew that Rui's Martial Mind became extraordinarily powerful, in so far as its impacts on battle, the more information about his opponent he fed to it. Once the SOUL model was complete and the existing predictive model created from the Angel of Laplace was further elevated, he was extremely difficult to defeat.

That was why he had settled for a furtive and clandestine approach to this battle. This strategic approach denied Rui the ability to collect the vital information that he needed to feed his systems of thought to grow more powerful and fleshed out. After all, he wouldn't be able to collect much data on an opponent who could defy even his powerful senses.

BAM BAM BAM!!

Rui gritted his teeth as he barely managed to disperse an incoming barrage of blows. Yet before he could even muster up a counter, Master Zentra had already moved away, reduced to a hazy blur.

Despite not being a stealth-oriented martial artist, he proved remarkably difficult to pin down even by Rui's powerful senses.

BAM BAM BAM!!

Rui narrowly blocked another flurry of attacks before his opponent disappeared once more.

'This isn't just misdirection,' he realized. 'He's also using physical stealth techniques. Misdirection alone cannot explain this level of stealth due to how inherently resistant I am to it. However…'

It was more than just physical stealth techniques, too. Master Zentra was also using his control and mastery over his Martial Body to alter it to aid his stealth, making it so that it didn't reflect light and didn't produce or interfere with sound.

He focused all his misdirection capital on disrupting Rui's Riemannian Echo and the mind sense of his Martial Mind, for these were two senses that he couldn't hide from physically. It was an extremely effective approach for dealing with someone like Rui. n/ô/vel/b//in dot c//om

'This must be his Martial Mind,' Rui mused inwardly. 'Finding the most optimal way to apply his body control and mastery to any given opponent in order to maximize their weakness.'

Rui did not miss that this contained elements of Adaptive Evolution, as did most of the Martial Minds. Martial Masters naturally altered their approach and strategy to their opponents, which meant that they were necessarily utilizing the concept of Adaptive Evolution.

Regardless, Master Zentra's strategy was highly effective. Rui's data collection was greatly hampered by his inability to sense Master Zentra very well.

BAM BAM BAM!!

Rui blocked yet another barrage of blows from Master Zentra, who was content playing the long game and slowly chipping away at him.

Slowly, methodically, and systematically. That was how Master Zentra fought. It was one of the reasons that he had earned the moniker of the Surgeon.

But alas, Rui had no intention of allowing him to win so easily.

"Niflheim." A smile cracked at the edge of Rui's mouth.

WHOOOOOSH!

An enormous blizzard descended upon the world as heaven and earth froze over. Temperatures plummeted as Rui began using one of his most powerful domain techniques to freeze over the entire environment.

It was a technique that was designed to make the most of the Tree of Life. Normally, its purpose was to create an environment that was antithetical to flora and fauna species that were unable to tolerate the cold.

It was not a technique that was meant to be used against Martial Artists. However, he knew better than anyone that a technique was only as useful as it was applied.

WHOOSH

A smirk cracked at the edge of his mouth as he spotted Master Zentra in the field of his senses. He had been forced to repurpose a portion of his body control and mastery to generate enough heat to counter Niflheim. Which reduced the amount dedicated towards stealth, thereby allowing Rui to sense him once more.

-



Chapter 2138  Bodily Mastery and Control



"Impressive," Master Zentra admitted.

Rui surged at him at top speed, unwilling to let him go this time.

WHOOSH WHOOSH WHOOSH!

Master Zentra avoided his blows one after another, refusing to get hit by the immensely powerful technique that Rui had been showing off lately. He immediately judged that of the three primary fields of combat, Rui's offense was the most powerful, followed by his mobility.

'His defense is the least powerful.' Master Zentra narrowed his eyes. 'Then, it shall be the focus of my combat approach.'

His Martial Body shifted as his muscle mass to body mass ratio changed and he realigned tissue across his entire body, undergoing a mini metamorphosis. By the time he was done, his Martial Body looked like it belonged to an entirely different Martial Artist!

He had grown leaner and thinner, while his muscle mass had, in turn, increased. On top of that, his Martial Body had grown more vulnerable and weaker; his fists had gained more mass, growing denser and harder; his knuckles had grown sharper, able to inflict more damage; and the skin on his fists had roughened, designed to tear away at anything it struck.

It was a mystifying transformation to any onlooker, but Rui's powerful mind computed all the information instantly.

'He sacrificed durability for speed and offensive power!'

Master Zentra lunged forward at blinding speeds as a tremendously lethal attack surged at Rui faster than he could evade it. n/ô/vel/b//jn dot c//om

BOOOOOM!!!

SPLAT!

It was a wonder to witness the sheer amount of lethality that Master Zentra was able to conjure up as he repurposed his entire body for it. His attack pierced Rui's flesh, leaving a deep gash in his gut.

Yet, it didn't yield the outcome that Master Zentra was hoping for.

FSSS…

Steam erupted from Rui's wound as Weaving Blood swiftly healed it in an instant. It had been especially blessed by the Sandflower Nectar potion, allowing it to not only last far longer than it ever would have in the past but to also heal far more quickly than it ever used to.

"Nifty," Master Zentra observed. "But let's see just how much punishment it can take."

WHOOSH!

In an instant, he had arrived before Rui, a powerful blow already surging at him at blurring speeds.

"Temporal Disharmony." BOOOOOM!!!

The one to land a blow was Rui.

VMMM!!!

Master Zentra grimaced in shock and pain, having been struck by the blow before he could even fathom what had happened.

Yet, his flustered shock created an opening.

An opening that Rui had been waiting for from the very start. It was why Rui had waited that long to use Temporal Disharmony—he did not want to waste the potential for seizing the initiative and maximizing the impact of the technique on the battle by using it at any moment but the one with the greatest element of surprise.

And his patience had paid off.

The Hypnomatrix had been the part of his Martial Art that was most empowered by his breakthrough to the Master Realm, reaching extremely potent levels of mental incapacitation.

BOOOM BOOOM BOOOM!!!

CRACK CRACK CRACK!

Blow after blow, Rui battered Master Zentra's vulnerable Martial Body with Yin-Yang Spears, one after another. He had no intention of sparing him the wrath of his newborn offensive technique.

Each blow not only left an enormous and ugly purple bruise on Master Zentra's body, but it also caused massive internal hemorrhaging as the devastating impact permeated deep into his body in a manner similar to but far greater than Reverberating Lance.

It was a devastatingly lethal offensive technique that very few Martial Artists could afford to be on the receiving end of.

Unfortunately for Rui, Master Zentra was one of them.

FWOOSH!

'He's reducing the coefficient of friction between my fist and his skin by making his skin extraordinarily smooth!' Rui's eyes widened with surprise.

He had no idea that Master Zentra could utilize his mastery and control of his Martial Body this way. Whether it was by manipulating tissue alignment or having his skin turn into a particularly slippery substance, he was able to make proper collisions extremely difficult to achieve!

'Damn!' Rui's expression grew severe as he continued blasting the Master blow after blow. 'This technique is especially ill-suited to handle with Yin-Yang Spear.'

Zero friction didn't make it impossible to land proper impacts—certainly not. However, it did make it extremely difficult, as each blow would now have to strike Master Zentra exactly perpendicularly, straight, and directly down at the point of impact.

Even the slightest angle would cause Rui's attacks to slip off relatively harmlessly.

BOOM! BOOM! BOOM!

Yet, just as Rui began getting the hang of it, his advantage was already gone.

WHOOSH WHOOSH WHOOSH!!

Master Zentra evaded his blows with remarkable speed, having already healed all of the immense damage that he had taken at a rate that put even Weaving Blood to shame. Unlike Weaving Blood, he didn't just heal or regenerate, he also returned blood lost in internal bleeding back into the bloodstream.

This allowed him to surpass the healing speed of Weaving Blood while conserving more energy and preserving more blood, all while maintaining his speed and offensive power advantages. His Martial Mind contained systems of thoughts that minimized the blood loss and energy loss without taking anything away from his combat power.

It was the same as if Rui could use three Metabody techniques without dying very shortly after. Master Zentra's immense mastery and control over his body allowed him to wield the power of Rui's forbidden technique without side effects.

It was one of the many reasons that he was particularly strong even among high-grade Martial Masters.

WHOOSH WHOOSH WHOOSH!

He evaded Rui's swift attacks while his own attacks struck Rui true and hard.

BOOM BOOM BOOM!

SPLAT SPLAT SPLAT!

His razor-sharp knuckles and jagged skin tore apart Rui's flesh as fast as Rui could mend them with Weaving Blood. Each blow left a wound that took a bit out of his stamina. BOOOM!

-



Chapter 2139  On the Brink



"Who do you think will win?" Master Ceeran watched with palpable tension, drawn in by the heat of the battle.

"It is difficult to predict, I'm afraid." Headmaster Aronian heaved a sigh of admiration. "Master Zentra is as formidable as ever, but the young Master has grown tremendously stronger upon his entry to the Master Realm."

"I am leaning slightly to Master Zentra," Master Vericita calmly stated. "Rui has grown a lot, indeed, but he has yet to consolidate and refine his gains with experience. He has grown too fast for his own good. Master Zentra, on the other hand, has not only grown since I last saw him, but has refined every inch of his Martial Art over decades and centuries."

It was a powerful argument that even the most ardent Rui fan couldn't help but deeply consider her words.

"You underestimate the arrogant brat."

Their attention was drawn by Master Gurren who stood stoically, watching the battle. "He has grown far stronger than I could ever imagine."

Master Gurren, in particular, had been deeply impressed by Rui's Niflheim domain, and by the fact that he had also developed passive mastery. Rui had never had a particularly strong affinity for domain bending, but he had a deep understanding of what made heaven and earth bend.

It was why he had been able to develop a telescopic technique that Master Gurren had needed to be educated on how to use, despite not being able to use it as well as Master Gurren himself could.

The same was true for the Niflheim technique that he was witnessing. Its functionality was beyond his understanding. "Yet, its purpose in this battle is simply to root out his opponent." Master Gurren narrowed his eyes. "It's an extremely energy-consuming technique that's being used for a very minute but necessary reason."

That, in addition to the fact that Rui was using other energy-consuming and stamina-draining techniques, the Yin-Yang Spear and Weaving Blood, meant that his energy reserve was plummeting by the second. If not for the Sandflower Nectar Potion, he would not have been able to sustain such massive energy expenditure.

Yet, it didn't mean he could keep up such massive energy expenditure for too long.

Something would eventually have to give.

Master Zentra knew that and had already begun adjusting his energy to ensure that he would last much longer than Rui while still pressuring with his Martial Art to keep up his high expenditure of energy.

BOOM BOOM BOOM!

Master Zentra bombarded him with even more attacks, waiting for the moment when Rui either compromised or ran out of energy.

Unfortunately, it never came.

Precisely three minutes had passed since Rui could sense him once more after the Niflheim domain rooted him out.

It was more than enough for Rui's second system of thought to have finally been completed.

Master Zentra's fist surged towards Rui, threatening to tear another wound in his body.

WHOOSH

His eyes widened as the attack crashed into an empty image.

A feint. BOOOOOM!!!

CRACK!

"Rgh!" He grimaced as a powerful attack crashed into his back before he could even react, cracking several bones in his opponent's back.

Yet, he didn't let up, throwing blow after blow at Master Zentra, each empowered by the lethal Yin-Yang Spear, ravaging his external and internal body.

BOOOM BOOOM BOOOM!!!

CRACK CRACK CRACK!

Master Zentra grimaced, evading them to the best of his ability.

Yet, he couldn't.

Wherever he stepped, he found a powerful attack waiting for him before he could even react.

As though Rui knew exactly what he would do even before he himself did.

And that was exactly what was happening. n/o/vel/b//in dot c//om

With the predictive model of the VOID algorithm and the SOUL model of the SOUL System, the amount of insight Rui had on his opponent far exceeded anything any other Martial Master could even begin to imagine.

That, in combination with the powerful Temporal Disharmony that shackled his perception of time and negated his speed advantage, and Master Zentra knew that evading Rui was a lost cause.

The change was swift.

In seconds, his body had already shifted from speed and offense to pure defense. His flesh grew thicker and insulant to vibrations, trying to minimize the damage that Rui's attacks inflicted on his body.

BOOOM BOOOM BOOOM!!!

Master Zentra balled up as he dedicated all his resources to guarding against his opponent's attacks.

Rui, on the other hand, continued blasting his opponent with attack after attack, trying to get through the shockingly thick defenses that Master Zentra was able to conjure.

He made progress.

Each blow left massive bruises, cuts, broken bones, and internal bleeding despite the heavy focus on defense. The sheer concussive power of the Yin-Yang Spear was so great that Master Zentra knew that if he let the technique get a clean hit on his head, the fight was over.

Yet, even then, the fight drew close to an end as Rui battered Master's Zentra's body beyond repair without potions. As powerful as his inherent healing was, it could not cope with the sheer amount of damage that Rui's technique inflicted on him.

BOOM BOOM BOOM!!!

"Heh, it's over." Master Ceeran grinned. "Rui has managed to overcome everything that Zentra threw at him."

Master Vericita smiled knowingly.

"Not yet."

Inches away from victory, Rui froze.

Not of his own will.

"Finally, it appears that the poison has kicked in after all those wounds I injected it through." Master Zentra's calm voice rang in his ears as he met Rui's shocked gaze with a knowing look. "Spontaneous Poison Synthesis. My final technique and system of thought that I have to offer."

"Argh!" Rui coughed blood.

Black blood.

He felt his muscles leaving his control, growing more paralyzed by the moment.

It was the prime opportunity for Master Zentra to seize victory, yet he had been so badly wounded that he couldn't even move.

Rui, on the other hand, strained to break from the powerful paralytic effect of the poison.

The two Martial Masters struggled on the precipice of victory and defeat.

-



