Chapter 2110  Drive of Paranoia



The Emperor of Harmony commenced the planning for the operation to neutralize Sage Aggragor. It wasn't easy formulating a plan that would use the Matriarch Nephi's power to find the Underworld Sage.

This was because of the way that prophecy worked.

It wasn't a know-it-all source of answers to any question.

It was a technique that allowed one to foresee the future.

However, if the Underworld wasn't there in the future, then not even prophecy would be enough.

"What do you think, mother?" Emperor Rael gazed at Matriarch Nephi from his throne. "Do you think you can help us precisely locate the Underworld Sage with your prophecy?"

She glared at him. "I think you should stop calling me mother, for one."

Emperor Rael smiled at her, amused, earning an exasperated huff from her.

"As long as you can direct my prophecy in the right direction, then it is possible to learn of his exact location and time."

Emperor Rael's eyes lit up with interest. "Right direction, you say? Interesting. Considering that this prophecy allowed you to find the Divine Doctor in the Beast Domain, I thought that finding the Underworld Sage would be rather easy for you."

"It's not that simple." She shook her head. "The further into the future I peer, the more the scope of possibility increases. Finding the Divine Doctor was just one possible future that allowed me to find him in my visions of the future. In other words, Rui's future was in the right direction. You need to find me the right direction to peer into the future that will allow me to foresee when and where the Underworld Sage will be."

"Hm, that's an interesting mechanism for how the technique works," Emperor Rael pondered about the words of his mother-in-law. "I just need to find the right direction, don't I?"

There were plenty of directions in which he could point his mother-in-law's prophetic power towards. Unfortunately, there were drawbacks to this approach.

"You foresaw the Divine Doctor years into the future, did you not?" Emperor Rael inquired. "Does that mean that the same might happen with the Underworld Sage?"

She shrugged lightly. "Most likely, unless you can point me in the direction that will allow me to learn of his location in the next twenty-four hours."

"Tsk." Emperor Rael was displeased by this revelation. "I do not wish to find out where the Underworld Sage will be years in the future; I need to find out where he will be tomorrow."

"That is possible, too, but as I said, it is entirely dependent on where I point my prophetic powers," she calmly replied. "I can find out where he is right now if you point me in the direction of scrying the future of someone who is currently with him right now.

"What about looking into the future of the Underworld Sage himself?"

She stirred. "If you have enough data, then that works too. Mind you, it must be nothing less than a full profile. Without that, I cannot give you precise details. I generally recommend handing me physical subjects because these contain a lot of information that my senses can deliver to me. But, if you have rigorous documentation, then that is good enough as well."

A smile emerged on Emperor Rael's face. "That's good to hear; rest assured, we can supply you with all the information that you need."

Emperor Rael was familiar with the Underworld Sage on a personal basis. He had known the man from when he was a Martial Master. The Underworld was much younger than the Kandrian Empire, and there were days when the Martial Master, who went on to become the Underworld Sage, stood among his peers before the Martial Union even existed. n/ô/vel/b//jn dot c//om

And now, it was finally time to drag the Underworld Sage from the darkness.

"I will also commission the Martial Masters of the Silas Clan to aid in tracking the Martial Masters of the Underworld," Emperor Rael informed her. "The Underworld must be disarmed of all Martial Artists of the Upper Realms. Only then will I be able to assimilate its power into the Kandrian Empire and strengthen it to elevate us to a higher Realm of power."

He was also wary of any desperate attempts from the Martial Masters to hold Kandrian population centers hostage by baring their Martial Embodiments far and wide, thereby causing immense damage to people of Kandria.

Emperor Rael could not allow that to happen.

While Rael possessed a lot of certainty in his plan, Matriarch Nephi had her compunctions about it.

"Even if you do capture him without any harm to Kandria, how can you possibly force him to slave for you?" She raised an eyebrow. "Martial Sages like myself cannot be restrained and forced."

Emperor Rael smiled wryly. "You give him too much credit. That man…"

He shook his head. "He's a coward unlike anyone else I've ever seen."

Matriarch Nephi raised an eyebrow with surprise.

"He fears everyone and everything," Emperor Rael explained. "He has what I would diagnose as Paranoid Personality Disorder. However, while this mental disorder shackles others, it became the source of an endless Martial Drive, allowing him to pursue his Martial Path in fear and eventually reach the Sage Realm. Frankly, I would have thought it would be impossible to attain the so-called 'Martial Soul' with a mental disorder, but he proved me wrong."

Matriarch Nephi expressed a vague interest in the matter. "It is not impossible for one to attain moksha even if one has a mental disorder. Although, I cannot imagine that it doesn't make it harder. He must have had a powerful drive if he discovered his inner self despite his mental disorder. It isn't the most extreme condition that a Martial Sage has ever had in his entire life."

"Hm," Emperor Rael considered the matter. "Well, if someone with a mental disorder can reach that Sage Realm, then surely my son will as well."

She shook her head. "He was more lost in regards to who he was than anybody I have ever seen. I do not know what the Divine Doctor told him, but it broke him spiritually. His path will be longer and more arduous than any before him."

The two of them remained in silence.

-



Chapter 2111  Control Mastery



VMMM…!

In an extravagantly large isolated training chamber in Daracol, Rui meditated in absolute solitude, radiating intense Yin vibrations.

It had taken him more than a year just to reach a stage where he could generate a meaningful amount of Yin vibrations. It was a slow and tedious process. He had to gradually condition his mind to enter a state such that it would cause metabolic vibrations in cells indirectly through the endocrinological system.

Adrenaline and endorphins surged through his tissue, exciting his cells and causing them to accelerate metabolically, producing more vibrations.

He trained this very phenomenon with his domains and Sympathetic Death Lance, teaching his cells to vibrate hard enough to negate the incoming vibration with destructive resonance.

Most of them couldn't do that.

Thus, most of them died.

Over the span of a year, Rui engaged in a form of targeted physical evolution that involved improving his body by training with domains and Sympathetic Death Lance. Most cells simply did not possess the ability to generate such high metabolic vibrations; it wasn't their purpose.

The ones that could survived, and divided the most. n/o/vel/b//in dot c//om

Those that couldn't, did not.

Over the span of more than a year, his body became increasingly able to generate vibrations of higher magnitude as it underwent multiple cell division and replacement cycles. Yet it was a maddeningly slow process that required immense attention to detail when operating his domains.

That was the reason that it had been exceedingly difficult, not to mention dangerous.

After more than a year of intense and uninterrupted effort, he finally crossed the first stage of the training plan he had created for Project Heavy Hitter.

Now, it was time to enter the second stage.

"Control."

This was what made Project Heavy Hitter particularly difficult. He had decided to shoot for the stars when he put it upon himself to master directing the Yin vibrations of the technique towards the point of contact, exerting the sum totality of the Yin power that he had generated in his attack with the intent of inflicting as much power as he possibly could.

While the Yin-Yang Shield focused on directing its power across the entire body without any particular direction, the technique he sought to create was offensive and thus needed to inflict as much damage as possible.

"Rgh." He gritted his teeth, straining with effort as he focused on directing the Yin vibrational energy in the direction of his desire.

It was much more challenging than he was hoping for it to be. One of the things he had begun doing was targeting different parts of his body with directed resonance from his domain, such that he could train his body to direct its Yin energy in any direction.

This was even more difficult than simply generating Yin energy.

If he didn't do it properly, he could end up injuring himself quite gravely. After all, the Yin energy that he generated was not necessarily friendly to him. It was a lot of power that could cause immense damage to his own body if mishandled.

"Fortunately, I have Flux Earther."

That technique was the reason that he felt confident enough to endeavor on this risky road. The technique allowed him to mitigate the damage by grounding the vibrations to the environment around him.

The technique's original purpose was to absorb impacts and then disperse them through vibration into the environment. Only when this happened could the impact be considered nullified.

It was even easier to apply the same principle to Yin vibrations. They were already of vibrational energy, making it easier to disperse the energy he generated from his cells through metabolic vibrations.

He closed his mind, feeling the Yin energy develop across the entire body. Each cell oscillated vigorously, contributing to the ocean of energy that spread across his entire Body. He needed to bring every cell in harmony.

Rather than a cacophony of noise, he needed them to play a symphony.

Only then could he gain control over such immense power. Until then, he would never be able to control the immense power that he managed to produce.

The most exasperating part of this particular part was that even this was merely the second step of several more to come.

Even if he mastered the direction of the Yin energy, he would still need to master destructively and constructively resonating with the Yang vibration of his external body.

After that, he would need to spend even more time mastering the application of destructive and constructive resonance in combat. "This… will take more time than I expected."

Developing techniques in the Master Realm was twice as hard as developing techniques in the Senior Realm. The reason was that there were more constraining factors that increased the difficulty of mastering the technique.

The technique needed not only to be synergetic with the Martial Art but also with the Body and Heart as well as the Martial Mind. Thus, techniques of the same caliber as those of the lower realm are simply developed with much greater difficulty.

It was no wonder that growth often stalled in Martial Masters. If developing powerful techniques required overcoming such arduous challenges each time, then Rui could completely understand why so many took so long to develop a single new technique.

Of course, Rui had no intention of stalling. Unlike many of his peers, he had the power of youth on his side, allowing him to overcome hurdles much better. This way, he didn't experience the spike in difficulty nearly as hard as others whose learning speed and capacity for growth were limited.

Still, despite that, he didn't think that his training time for this particular training could be shortened to how long his old training periods extended.

It all depended on how quickly he mastered the direction of Yin energy. Yet, with each hurdle he faced, he only grew more excited for the end product. The greater the difficulty of the path to attaining power, the greater the power to be gained. The anticipation and excitement spurred him on even harder.

-



Chapter 2112  The Devil Draws Out The Underworld



In a dark secluded underground chamber sat a man. He was clad in a baggy clothes that covered every inch of his skin. He wore a Sage-level mask that covered his face.

A Sage.

Yet, one would never guess looking it looking at him.

The reason for it was quite simple.

He concealed his power.

He concealed his aura.

He concealed the sheer magnitude of his existence.

He concealed all of it.

For he was afraid. He feared his peers and, well, everybody.

He feared Martial Sages because they possessed the power to kill him. He even feared Martial Masters in fear of them breaking through to the Sage Realm and then gaining the power to kill him.

That was why he ran away from the world and concealed himself in the darkness. He feared them all. It was also why the Underworld managed to gain so much power and entrench itself well into the Kandrian Empire.

Today, too, he concealed himself in fear in his personal base.

It brought him comfort.

Normally, that was.

Today, he was unable to calm down.

He wasn't sure what it was.

But his nerves tingled, leaving him on edge.

Perhaps the only way that he hadn't taken action yet was because he had experienced this many times. His paranoia was strong, after all. He had learned that the best way was to simply sit tight and wait it out until he calmed down. n/ô/vel/b//jn dot c//om

Unfortunately, the peril he felt this time was entirely real.

RUMBLE

The world bent under the sheer weight of four Sage-level auras. Heaven and Earth screamed as the magnitude of their beings tore them apart.

He shivered as his eyes widened with horror as he recognized one of them.

The man he feared the most in this whole wide world.

"Damian…!"

BOOM…!

The underground chamber erupted to the surface, blasting through kilometers of bedrock.

WHOOSH… For a moment, the massive chamber simply stood midair as the two Martial Sages beheld for the first time in centuries.

"Long time no see, Aggragor." Pure terror curdled in the Underworld Sage as he felt the horrifying bloodlust of the man who had earned the moniker of the Devil.

It warped the world.

A force unto itself.

A wide smile crumpled his face ear to ear, radiating pure malice.

He was here to kill him.

There was no doubt about that.

In an instant, their Martial Hearts, Minds, and Souls surged into power.

"Get away from me!" He squelched, leaping away from Sage Damian as fast as he could possibly move.

WHOOOOOSH!!!

It was a single step, yet, he crossed thousands of kilometers as his Martial Heart, Mind, and Soul worked in unison to get away from the Devil himself.

RUMBLE

The sheer speed at which he moved shook all of Kandria and beyond at once, warping the very fabric of space and time.

Yet, it was not enough. WHOOSH

In just a moment, he found himself staring the Devil before him in the eyes.

"What's the matter?" The Devil's malevolence sent chills down his spine. "Going somewhere?"

"Get away from me!" Sage Aggragor threw a powerful blow in all his desperation, one that drew power beyond just the Body and Mind.

It drew power from the root of existence itself, transcending far beyond anything any Martial Master could even begin to fathom.

A blow that contained the power of more than one billion nuclear bombs.

A blow that contained the power to eradicate all life in the Kandrian Empire.

Yet—

—CLASP

Sage Aggragor widened his eyes as the Devil effortlessly caught it, halting it in its tracks.

That wasn't all.

"Let go of me!!" Sage Aggragor squealed desperately as he struggled to break free from Sage Damian's grip.

Yet, he couldn't as so much budge his fist from the Devil's grip.

"Your Materia Prima is shitty." Sage Damian grinned maniacally. "I'm going to eat you alive, maggot."

Pure horror erupted from the depths of Sage Aggragor's eyes.

Sage Damian was a man who did not threaten for the sake of threatening.

When he made threats, he made promises.

He was going to literally eat him alive.

"No! Stop!" The man cried. "I'll give you anything!"

"Just what can a sniveling worm like you give me?" Sage Damian's malevolent grin grew wider. "You're too weak to give me the one thing I came here for, a good fight. A pathetic Martial Artist like you would be better off becoming nourishment. I have always wanted to eat a Martial Sage from head to toe."

Sage Aggragor grew dizzy with horror. "I-I'll destroy the Kandrian Empire if you don't let me go!"

Yet, the terror he experienced only grew as Damian smile intensified in its malice.

"Be my guest."

Sage Aggragor's eyes widened with horror. "Monster…!"

Suddenly, four more Sage-level auras appeared.

"DAMIAN!" Sage Glacken roared. "WHAT ARE YOU DOING?!"

"You should have invited me if you're going to steal him." The Hugging Hegemon glared at him.

"This is why I hate the Fire Sect." The Flickering Elder grumbled.

"You animal." The Whispering Widower hissed at him.

"Tsk." Sage Damian tutted lazily. "A bunch of tardy party poopers."

"We are not tardy!" Sage Glacken glared at him. "In fact, you're not even supposed to be on this operation! Rael commissioned the four of us!"

Sage Damian grinned at him. "Fuck him and fuck you too."

"Haven't you toyed with him enough already?" the Flickering Elder narrowed her eyes. "Release him to our custody. The Emperor of Harmony will decide what to do with him."

"I was going to eat him alive, but…" Sage Damian heaved a sigh. "I've lost my appetite. You lot can have this disgraceful loser."

Sage Damian tossed the Underworld Sage like a rag doll to the four of them, who promptly hid behind them in fear.

"Tsk, my mood is spoiled." Sage Damian tutted with displeasure. "Tell Rael to hurry up with war. My patience is running thin."

With that, he took his leave, heading away.

"He's as much of a monster as ever…!" Sage Aggragor whimpered. "And you lot wonder why I ran away to Underworld. It's because of that monster…!"

The four of them shifted their gaze to their old colleague with a judgmental gaze. "Whatever you guys do, just make sure I don't end up in his hands!"

-



Chapter 2113  Conceded Obedience



THUD

Deep within the Royal Hall, a fearful Martial Sage was tossed in front of the Emperor of Harmony by four Martial Sages of the Martial Union.

"Aggragor." Emperor Rael's rich and deep voice addressed the Underworld Sage.

The Underworld Sage gazed at Emperor Rael with apprehension and fear.

"Rael…" he murmured with fright. "To think that you would hunt me like this."

"Did you mistake my tolerance for approval?" Emperor Rael's tone grew more powerful.

The Underworld Sage flinched at his words.

"Even for a Martial Sage, your crimes are overwhelming." Emperor Rael narrowed his eyes. "Not even the Martial Union will overlook centuries of antagonistic behavior in light of your status. Frankly, I have half a mind to execute you here and now."

That was a lie.

But the Underworld Sage didn't know that.

His paranoia was so deep that he didn't even consider that it might not be true.

"No!" Sage Aggragor cried. "Anything but that…!"

"Perhaps I should let Damian deal with you then."

"EXECUTE ME!" the Martial Sage bellowed in terror.

Rael smiled inwardly.

It appeared that he wouldn't even need hypnosis to manipulate him.

"There is a way that you can avoid execution and Damian," Emperor Rael continued. "If you follow all my orders, I will ensure that you don't get executed or fall prey to Damian."

A smile appeared on his face. "Quite the good bargain, don't you think?"

"Deal!" Sage Aggragor vigorously nodded. "Keep that maniac away from me!"

"Alright, then, we have an agreement," Emperor Rael remarked. "Let's begin the process then."

Those words sent chills down the Underworld Sage's spine. "Wait, what process?"

"We're going to put you to good use, Aggragor," Emperor Rael told him with a serious tone. "You will serve Kandria to the best of your ability. But we will need reassurances and guarantees."

He smiled again. "And we will have it, whether you like it or not. I do not trust you even in the slightest. Thus, I have arranged for certain alterations to your Martial Body that will require you to receive medical treatment from our Divine Doctor to survive over extended periods of time. Treatments, but not cures, mind you."

He smiled again. "And we will have it, whether you like it or not. I do not trust you even in the slightest. Thus, I have arranged for certain alterations to your Martial Body that will require you to receive medical treatment from our Divine Doctor to survive over extended periods of time. Treatments, but not cures, mind you." n/o/vel/b//in dot c//om

Sage Aggragor stared at him in horror. "That means that I will basically be your slave forever!"

Emperor Rael shrugged lightly. "Would you rather I hand you over to Damian?"

"NO!" Sage Aggragor exclaimed with a terrified expression. "Anything but that!"

"Well, there you go." Rael smiled pleasantly at him. "Remain obedient, and your life won't be terrible. It's more than you deserve, considering the misery and despair that you've spread to innocent people."

The Underworld Sage lowered his head, closing his eyes. "…Very well. I suppose being under you is better than anybody else."

"Then, as for my first order to you," Emperor Rael declared, "aid us in the purge of the Underworld. You know everything. You will tell us everything. Their secret hideouts, their secret bases, their modus operandi, their covers and fronts, their leaders and their locations, their chain of command, and their organizational structure. Everything."

"…Very well."

Emperor Rael smiled. He was looking forward to this.

The Kandrian Underworld had been an eyesore to him for a long while. After all this time, he was finally going to purge them from Kandria. He would be lying if he said he wasn't extremely vindicated and eager about his ability to finally do so.

"Do you require the Martial Union's aid, Rael?" the Flickering Elder inquired.

"No." He shook his head. "While the Martial Union has certainly never been on good terms with the Underworld…"

He narrowed his eyes. "This battle, this purge, is mine and mine alone as the ruler of Kandria."

"…As you wish. Then we have fulfilled your commission to us," Sage Glacken concluded. Emperor Rael smiled. "I shall pay the remaining half of the payment promptly. Pleasure doing business with you. Sage Farana has already arrived to take over the handling of this one. Thus, your services are complete."

STEP

A fourth Martial Sage entered the Kandrian Throne Hall, donned in the militaristic uniform of the Kandrian Border Patrol Force. "Your Majesty," Sage Farana addressed the Emperor of Harmony with deference before acknowledging her peers in the Martial Union with a light nod.

"Sage Farana, incapacitate him and take him to a medical ward in the Royal Ward, I have already arranged for the Divine Doctor to work on him. After that…" A smile appeared on Emperor Rael's face. "…It will be a bloodbath."

"Your wish is my command, Your Majesty."

Soon enough, Sage Farana incapacitated the Underworld Sage with her hypnosis, taking him away to do exactly as ordered while the Martial Sages of the Martial Union bid the Emperor of Harmony their farewell and took their leave.

WHOOSH A sixth Martial Sage returned where he belonged.

Sage Sayfeel was quite confident in his stealth, but Emperor Rael had long deemed it prudent to never have him in the presence of other Martial Sages.

"What do you think, Sayfeel?" "It is no wonder that they succeeded in capturing Sage Aggragor, Your Majesty," he calmly remarked. "Finding him was always the greatest hurdle. However, the Silas Clan proved their worth."

Emperor Rael smiled. "That is true."

Part of the reason that he chose to enlist Matriarch Nephi's service was to test her strategic value in war. Of course, the main goal was to take down the Underworld, but he also wanted some data on how useful her prophecy was as a Martial Sage.

This would help him make more precise and accurate plans and models for her impact on his grand plan, increasing the probability that they would succeed. This particular experiment, along with Rui's, accounted for the usefulness of her prophetic power. And they made him more confident that the Silas Clan would allow him to accomplish the impossible, in addition to the other treasures that Rui had procured.

His grand plan in the making grew more refined by the day as he continued fleshing it out.

-



Chapter 2114  Sealed Fates



"Where is Aggragor?"

In a dark chamber deep within a complex of buildings, six figures sat around a round table.

Tension sparked and lingered in the air.

"It's unusual for him to not send a proxy, at least," Don Carnil casually remarked. "I cannot help but wonder what the coward is up to. He is too afraid of the backlash to not at least send one of his Martial Master underlings."

"Hmph, you lot give him too much credit." Don Carura snorted, displeased. "He is the type who will ignore all his commitments if he feels afraid of his current circumstances."

"Perhaps you are too harsh on him," Don Schambiei commented. "That being said, I do wish he would at least have the courage to show up in person. There is a reason we go through the effort to painstakingly gather in person. We need to coordinate our operations to make sure that we cover each other's backs and distribute our resources optimally. A divided Underworld is a far easier target to take down."

"Carura is right," Don Dagonel grumbled. "The fool puts all of us at risk by not adhering to established protocol."

Don Feimia snorted. "If only we had another Martial Sage. Then we wouldn't need to rely on him."

The five dons gathered at the table could not help but disdain their peer. If not for the fact that he was a Martial Sage, they would never have recognized him as a leader of the Underworld.

"However, it is highly unusual for him not to have sent one of his underlings as a delegate." Prince Rajak narrowed his eyes. "I cannot imagine what kind of circumstances would cause him to be so remiss in this matter when he normally makes sure to do at least that much."

Prince Rajak could not help but feel something was deeply off.

It was highly atypical of the Underworld Sage to be so dismissive of his duties. Prince Rajak had to admit that as cowardly as he was, he was also exceedingly alert and aware. He would never miss a meeting as important as this one by accident or by mistake.

"…Which means something must have happened," Prince Rajak realized. "He must have gotten caught up in something that makes him unable to partake in this meeting."

"You give him too much credit, Prince Rajak," Carura sneered with derision. "He's probably huddled up in his hideout afraid of his own shadow or something."

She stood up, heaving a sigh. "If he's not here, then this meeting is meaningless, considering we were discussing the agenda of Martial security."

She got up, leaving the Underground chamber unceremoniously.

"If that's the case," Don Carnil sighed. "Then I suppose I ought to leave as well. Now that the Emperor of Harmony has returned, I cannot say that I can operate as freely as before. That bastard is far too sharp for me—"

RUMBLE…

The five of them frowned as they felt tremors reverberating through the land.

"Earthquake?" Don Carnil frowned. "In Kandria?"

Alas, by the time he realized he was wrong, it was too late

BOOM!

The door to the chamber blasted open, stunning everybody as hundreds of armed and suited operatives poured into the room, rushing towards the dons of the Underworlds.

"No…" Prince Rajak's eyes widened with horror.

The Martial Master bodyguards of the five dons and the prince surged into action, instantaneously activating their Martial Hearts and Martial Minds.

Yet their expressions grew grave as they recognized the crests of their enemies' militaristic attire.

The special ops division of the Royal Army.

This was a division that was trained with the sole intention of becoming a force that could contend with Martial Artists.

The manner in which they overcame the massive gap between humans and Martial Artists involved extraordinary potions that granted them special physical capabilities and an arsenal of cutting-edge esoteric weapons.

"You are no match for us Martial Artists!" one of the Martial Masters roared, surging forward at lightning-fast speeds as they landed a powerful blow on one of the soldiers. A blow that would have otherwise eradicated entire populations of humans merely launched him a distance away, only for him to get right back up.

They had been armed with the ability to tank blows from Martial Artists and engage with them even if they didn't have the power to overcome them alone. Fortunately, they were not alone.

The Martial Masters of the Underworld grew graver as they felt many Master-level auras arriving at the location. A second set of Martial Masters donned in ostentatious golden military attire shining with the crest of the Royal Army had also arrived, contrasting with the Martial Masters of the Underworld clad in darkness.

"Underworld scum," they spat. "Today is the day you will feel the wrath of Kandria!"

The Underworld Martial Masters gritted their teeth as the special ops and Martial division coordinated their positioning, boxing them in, refusing to let them get out.

They could have escaped by themselves if they were extremely lucky, but there was no way they could possibly escape while also simultaneously carrying their charges.

The Royal Army wasted no time pouncing on the Underworld Martial Masters.

It wasn't even close as far as the parity of power was concerned. n/ô/vel/b//in dot c//om

The formidable Royal army had come prepared. The entire place was surrounded by even more troops from the special ops division, while the long-range artillery division had been posted throughout the entire town, armed with hundreds of powerful, long-range, wide-scale Master-level weapons that were designed to stall and impede Martial Masters.

It was a devastating power of overwhelming quantity that neither the Martial Union nor the Underworld could ever muster.

The operation was completed within ten minutes of commencement. The special ops division stalled them, while the artillery division was armed with the power to strike down and impede the escape of those who somehow managed to slip from the net after abandoning the dons inside.

Soon enough, Prince Rajak and the dons were captured by the Royal Army.

-



Chapter 2115  Uniting Drive

Violence sparked throughout the Kandrian Empire as the Royal Army conducted countless raids, strikes, and assaults.

It systematically attacked the entirety of the Underworld throughout the whole nation at all levels, based on the intelligence that Sage Aggragor had happily supplied to the Kandrian Intelligence Bureau.

All of his intelligence reports had been spot on.

They were able to accurately target everything of even remote importance and significance.

And they succeeded each and every time.

The Kandrian Royal Army was an extraordinarily well-oiled machine led by Grand General Aramoeous and Emperor Rael themselves. With accurate intelligence on their targets and enemies, there was absolutely no chance for failure.

One of the reasons that the Underworld stuck to the darkness as fervently as it did was because it did not stand a chance against the Martial Union or the Royal Army in direct conflict. It was far too weak and small in that regard.

Those in the know watched with glee as the Royal Army effortlessly overran the Underworld with exponentially greater numbers.

Within seventy-two hours, it was over. Nôv(el)B\\jnn

THUD

Six people were thrown before Emperor Rael, shackled in chains and stripped of all clothes.

Before them had gathered the entire leadership of the Kandrian government, spectating a historic moment. The six of them struggled, enraged, yet they only invited more sneers.

Not a single one of them was willing to miss one of the most glorious moments as members of the Kandrian Government.

The Kandrian law enforcement had battled with the Underworld for centuries now. It was a long, arduous cold war filled with many losses and partial victories.

They harbored a deep hatred for the Underworld but were quite powerless in their desire to eradicate them. Not a single person had thought it was even remotely possible. Even as they gazed at five dons of the Underworld shackled and humiliated before all of them, they had a hard time believing it was real.

In their eyes, this was only possible because of one man. They turned to reverently gaze at the Emperor of Harmony on his throne.

He was extra shiny today.

Normally, he disdained overly extravagant clothes, especially when he was working on the more mundane parts of being an Emperor. But today was a day worthy of donning the most brilliantly ostentatious Royal Attire that he had.

"Today is a day that will be remembered forever."

His rich, powerful voice reverberated across the entire throne hall.

"A day that will be looked back on with pride."

He opened his eyes, letting his gaze fall on each and every single one of the members that remained captured.

"Former dons of a now eradicated Underworld, I judge you as guilty of three thousand charges for a large number of crimes, including but not limited to treason, murder, drug trafficking, human trafficking, rape, money laundering…" Rael continued. The list of crimes that the five had committed was so long that he needed to essentially cite an entire section of the Kandrian Constitution.

Yet, painstaking as it was, he did it nonetheless.

He could feel the vengeance in the room from the various high-ranking members of the Kandrian government. Each of them had been negatively affected by the Underworld in many ways. Each of them grew increasingly angered and vindicated as Emperor Rael reminded everybody of the many crimes that the men and women before him had committed.

Just as Rael had planned.

The best way to unite people was to point them in the direction of a common enemy, a common source of hatred. This was an extremely important step for Kandria and for his grand plan.

While he had already begun fixing the negative economic consequences of the Kandrian Throne War, fixing perception and morale was not as straightforward.

The tensions that existed between the power blocs of the Kandrian Empire were not something that could be solved so easily. After all, even if the throne war had long ended, the memory of the cold war waged between each other still lingered, reducing the cohesion that existed between all parts of Kandria.

That was why Emperor Rael used this incident to bring different power blocs together.

"…And thus, with the power vested in me as Emperor, I sentence you to public execution." His voice glinted with finality. "Glory to Kandria."

"GLORY TO KANDRIA!" the entire throne hall roared as one. "LONG LIVE THE EMPEROR OF HARMONY!"

The entire throne hall erupted in jubilation, triumph, and vindication. Rael smiled inwardly as he killed two birds with one stone.

The probability of his grand plan succeeding had increased by eight percent. Now, he needed to make sure that he absorbed the Martial and economic capital of the Underworld properly. While he resolutely sentenced the leaders of the Underworld to death, he had no intention of doing the same with the Martial Artists of the Underworld.

That was far too wasteful.

He intended to assimilate them into the power of the Royal Army eventually. With this gained power that would otherwise be used to damage them, the benefits were actually twice of what they were on paper.

Amidst all the loud celebrations, he found his eyes meeting the gaze of his son, Rajak. The man glared at Emperor Rael with unadulterated hatred. Hatred that Emperor Rael had earned.

He had been unable to protect this son the way that he had Rui. The loss of this young man's family had caused him to join the Underworld for revenge against his half-siblings and his father. Emperor Rael gazed at him deeply one last time before heaving a soft sigh and closing his eyes.

"Take them away."

He put the matter aside as he began planning how he was going to present this to the public. He needed to ensure that he earned their approval for causing the many clashes that had spread across the entire nation.

A myriad of thoughts flashed through his head as he planned everything out right down to minute details.

Kandria was soon to enter a new era as the Emperor of Harmony approached the day he would execute his grand plan.

-



Chapter 2116  Announcement



The sparks of violence throughout Kandria had not gone unnoticed inside or outside the empire. The Underworld was accustomed to hiding in disguised fronts, allowing them to hide in plain sight. Thus, conflicts often broke out in the population centers, shocking the citizens of Kandria.

Yet, the Kandrian Royal Army was absurdly prepared. They came with the surgical amount of reinforcements that allowed them to completely suppress all resistance with such dominance that not a single civilian got hurt.

Normally, this was absolutely impossible.

It didn't matter how much intelligence the Underworld Sage had divulged. Conducting extremely perfect operations without a single civilian casualty was impossible.

The reason that Rael was able to succeed was because he had the Silas Clan on his side. It was impossible to overstate how powerful prophecy was as an asset.

There was a reason that the entire world had hunted the Silas Clan as hard as it did. Prophecy was a game-changer that allowed for the impossible to become possible. It was why Emperor Rael viewed the Silas Clan as a super asset and treasure that could allow the Kandrian Empire to rise above its peers.

First, he enlisted Matriarch Nephi and the Martial Masters of her clan to know exactly what level of information dissemination would be leaked to the Underworld and thus tip them off of the attack before it came.

He found exactly who he could tell and who he couldn't, thanks to knowing the outcome through prophecy.

This way, he was able to ensure that the Underworld never heard so much as a whisper of the plan ahead of time. They had been caught completely off-guard to a level that wouldn't have been possible without prophecy. The element of surprise played an enormous role due to how significant it was. It thoroughly ensured that the response of the Underworld was always sub-optimal and flawed, which killed any chance of an effective comeback.

That was the reason that things went more smoothly than ever thought possible.

Emperor Rael manifested a one-in-a-million outcome thanks to it.

So much so that when Emperor Rael announced the outcome of the targeted strike to the entire nation, the whole population base of the Kandrian Empire was utterly shocked.

[Citizens of the Kandrian Empire,

It is my greatest pleasure to inform you that across a span of seventy-two hours, from the twelfth to the fourteenth of Spring, the Royal Army of Kandria, upon my mandate, in a series of operations led by Grand General Aramoeous, has eliminated or captured any and all individuals part of or in association with the Carnil Mafia, the Dagonel Syndicate, the Feimia Mafia, the Schambiei Gang, the Jiteliana Family, and the Aggragor Syndicate.

These six criminal groups, colloquially referred to as the pillars of the Underworld, have a long and documented history of perpetrating drug trafficking, human trafficking, money laundering, information theft, smuggling, and Martial violence, the details of which have already just been released to the public.

Today, they are no more.

We have eradicated the pillars of the Kandrian Underworld within a rapid series of targeted assaults, rooting out a cancer in this nation that has spread more misery than words could ever express. We have freed Kandria from the shackles of evil and vow to ensure that it never returns to the Kandrian Empire ever again.

I am pleased to announce to you that the ringleaders, the dons, will be executed publicly by beheading before all of you at the dawn of the twenty-first of Spring. Simultaneously, I express both my regrets and an oath of compensation to those who have suffered injuries or damage to property.

This marks the dawn of a new era for the Kandrian Empire. n/ô/vel/b//jn dot c//om

A new era of unparalleled prosperity and power. An era I swear to usher in.

This is my oath to you.

This is my oath to Kandria.

It is an oath I intend to fulfill.

Glory to Kandria.]

The announcement struck every single person who read it like a hammer.

"Wait, is that what the Royal Army was doing the other day?!"

"No wonder they were so aggressive to that one company…"

"You're telling me they uprooted the mafias entrenched around the Kandrian Empire?! In three days?!"

The number of people who were initially skeptical was not few. However, even for them, reality would settle in soon. Unlike the average citizen, however, the elite, wealthy, and ruling class of the Kandrian Empire had much greater insights in regard to the sheer significance of what had just happened.

Their access to intelligence about the happenings within the Kandrian Empire allowed them to learn about the truth even before it had been publicly announced. That was the reason that they knew that each and every word of the announcement was absolutely true.

That truth was scary.

The fact that the Emperor of Harmony managed to erase the Underworld inspired nothing short of fear in the power blocs of the Kandrian Empire.

The Emperor of Harmony had always been scary, but his philosophy of harmony had always made it such that he was always palatable in his engagement with others that he sought to integrate. In the past, this included even the despicable Underworld, much to the chagrin of many. Yet, there was no other option.

Until, of course, the Emperor saw one and decided to go all out in an attempt to destroy them. And succeeded.

Not only was the feat of perfect success utterly shocking but to them it also represented a shift in the mindset of Emperor Rael. Gone was the man who was satisfied with maintaining a harmonious status quo to prevent civil war. The man who had woken up from his coma was a man who wasn't satisfied with the status quo.

It was reflected even in his announcement to the rest of the nation.

An oath to usher in an era of unparalleled prosperity and power.

This was not a light oath.

Especially coming from a man who did not speak flippantly.

Unbeknownst to them, it wasn't the Emperor who had changed as much as the opportunities before him.

Opportunities that most couldn't even begin to dream of.

-



Chapter 2117  Unspoken Warning



The impact of the destruction of the Kandrian Underworld sent ripples across not just the Kandrian Empire but also all of East Panama.

The ruling class of foreign powers was shaken when they heard the news of the Emperor of Harmony. For once, they were more shocked than the average citizen.

That was because they knew just how hard it was to get rid of the black market for the trade of illegal goods and services.

No matter how hard one tried, it was impossible to get rid of.

This was a section that represented the darkness of humanity.

So long as humanity's capacity for darkness existed, the underworld would always exist. Thus, it would always exist, making it impossible to erase.

It was a futile effort, one that wasn't worth even endeavoring upon.

This was common wisdom within the political sphere.

Anybody who even bothered was instantly regarded as a fool who wasn't fit to rule their jurisdiction.

Yet, the Emperor of Harmony proved them all wrong.

He showed them that it was indeed possible.

Of course, most of them were cognizant of the fact that something extraordinary had transpired in his highly successful attempt. Many were able to accurately surmise what was the core cause for his success.

They were the ones who also realized that it was a message.

A silent one.

One that was addressed only to those insightful enough to understand what the Emperor of Harmony was conveying.

Don't.

It was a chilling warning.

Don't mess with Kandria.

His return wasn't merely one of optics.

He had returned in every sense of the word.

A variety of statements from the ruling class were released as the international community erupted into an uproar over the shocking event. Many used the event to condemn the Empire of Harmony for its extra-judicial handling of the captured criminals. Many used it to try and spin a conspiracy theory that all of it was a hoax planned by Emperor Rael to fool his citizens and gain brownie points for an accomplishment that he didn't actually accomplish.

Many cited human rights violations as a reason to condemn him.

Yet, an overwhelming majority of people, especially in the Kandrian Empire, slowly began to feel the positive effects of this major upheaval.

Gang-related crime plummeted by ninety-five percent in the first month alone.

This was because most criminals had been locked up or killed, but also because the remaining ones had scattered after the Purge of the Underworld.

Previously dangerous areas across the wide nation had suddenly loosened up.

The supply of many illegal services and goods had ceased all of a sudden, further affirming to all the citizens that, as unbelievable as it was, it was indeed the truth.

Morale in the nation was at an all-time high as the faint cloud of darkness that had been lingering in the air in the aftermath of the Kandrian Throne War was finally fully erased.

It appeared to everybody that Emperor Rael had not lied when he said that he was going to usher in a new era of prosperity and power.

It was evident that he was fully serious.

And it slowly began reflecting in the numbers.

The economy began trending upward due to a variety of factors that all boiled down to the Purge of the Underworld.

With the absence of organized crime in the nation, business, commerce, and trade resurged through the roof in half a year. Much of the commerce that had left Kandria during the throne war promptly returned and resumed. n/ô/vel/b//jn dot c//om

Immense amounts of investment flew into the empire with the promising return and ambition of the Emperor of Harmony as well as the plummet in organized crime. The latter was an important variable that affected the ease of doing business. Nations with higher crime rates were nations where business was far riskier and required far higher security costs.

It rejuvenated the economy, revitalizing the lives of the people across all strata throughout the entire empire.

The Kandrian Empire had finally surpassed its previous peak prior to the throne war, reaching uncharted territories of prosperity.

Yet, the man responsible for it all was hardly done.

Deep within his office in the Royal Palace, Rael sat alone at a large, extensive table with many documents spread across it.

His eyes narrowed as he gazed at an enormous chart before him containing a highly complex array of arrows in a giant maze of a flowchart. "Finally done with the entire skeleton of the plan…" he murmured to himself.

It hadn't been easy, and he hadn't even filled in all the details. Yet, he had arrived at a broad strategy that he was confident in. A strategy that survived even his scrupulous scrutiny, proving to be highly effective in achieving his ambition in elevating Kandria far above the rest of human civilization.

He still had time to flesh it out. He couldn't commence the plan until his son left training, for he played an important role in the plan.

BZZZT

He glanced at the message on his comms device.

[Your Majesty, the Elder Tree Connection has been established.]

His eyes lit up as he immediately got up.

"Prepare a carriage for me."

"Yes, Your Majesty."

He grew engrossed in thought while he waited.

The Elder Tree played an extremely important role in his plan to elevate the Kandrian Empire to greater heights.

It was also the most uncertain variable.

While he undoubtedly knew that Rui had been entirely sincere and honest in his recounting of his time in the Garden of Salvation, he needed more confirmation of the strategic value of this particular asset.

Based on his son's accounts, the Elder Tree had made several agreements with Rui that were to their mutual benefit, but particularly to its own survival.

This was good news, as it meant that Rael could trust the Elder Tree more, for self-preservation was the most universal drive throughout all life.

Yet, on the other hand, his experience in and mastery of communication with humans was not going to help him here.



Chapter 2118  Purveyor of Harmony



The Elder Tree was inhuman in its mind.

That was, to a certain degree, self-evident. But Rui had specified that it was more different than one might expect. For one, it was not capable of anger and hatred. This was good on the surface, but Rael had absolutely no idea how that would impact their relationship. This uncertainty was something that was intolerable for someone who operated with certainty of success.

Furthermore, none of the literature on the biosphere of the Beast Domain gave him what he needed to know, for it did not record anything about an intelligent tree so massive that it dwarfed mountain ranges.

That was why he had consulted the only other person who knew more about the Elder Tree than Rui.

"Ah, the Elder Tree species," the Divine Doctor mused. "Fascinating species of flora, really. The most interesting flora lifeform after this one." He gazed at the alien lifeform with deep curiosity.

"Be that as it may…" Emperor Rael's eyes shifted back. "…I am here to ask you about the Elder Tree, not the alien specimen."

"Hm, temperamentally, it's a creature that can be characterized by high-trait agreeableness and openness. It would score zero as far as trait neuroticism goes," the Divine Doctor absentmindedly remarked. "I know plenty more, but nothing pertaining to what you surely care about."

No amount of prodding could draw much more information.

"It is highly willing and able to conduct agreements," he told Rael. "It doesn't engage in charity beyond the Garden of Salvation, but it also does not disenfranchise. I would suspect that as a species that is part of the plant kingdom that nourishes all other life, it is fundamentally devoid of predatory instincts. Yet, simultaneously, it does not trust without reason too."

That was reassuring, considering that it was echoed by his son, who was also an insightful man. Together with that, Emperor Rael formulated an approach to building a rapport with the Elder Tree.

Straightforward sincerity.

From what he could tell, this was the best option when dealing with the Elder Tree. This was especially the case when Rui had already established an agreement with it. All Rael needed to do was reaffirm it, and build on top of it.

STEP

He stepped outside of the vehicle, followed by a squadron of Martial Masters and, of course, a Martial Sage in the form of the hidden Sage Sayfeel.

"And you're sure that it's entirely established as per the specifications I gave you?" Emperor Rael asked, narrowing his eyes.

"Of course, Your Majesty. We have made sure to follow your instructions right down to the last detail."

In order to avoid drawing suspicion or attention, Emperor Rael had disguised the forest trees of the blood connector trees as a simple ecological and agricultural project.

And, for the most part, it succeeded. Not a single person who worked at the facility managing the Elder Tree Connection, barring the head whom Rael had personally appointed, knew the truth. It minimized the probability of a leak happening. That would inadvertently trigger the third East Panamic War.

He had his official bodyguards wait outside, secretly entering the forest that had specifically been planted to communicate with the Elder Tree.

"Sayfeel."

"Always here, Your Majesty. Rest assured, nothing can harm you."

"Good to know. I am counting on you if something goes wrong."

STEP

He entered into the forest, observing the trees that constituted the forest. He had ensured that everything adhered to the specifications that Rui had shared with him in the information report and summary. so that he would be able to handle all the super treasures brought back home.

The trees had veins and arteries of red blood just like a mammal did. A deeply unsettling sight that would give anybody pause. It was only a wonder why the Elder Tree needed this particular species to communicate over long distances.

RUMBLE…

Emperor Rael narrowed his eyes as tremors radiated from within the forest. He felt a faint sense of pressure on his mind, one born of an astronomical power differential.

STEP

He found himself having arrived at the center of the forest. "Your Majesty…" "I am aware." Emperor Rael's gaze swept across the entire forest. He could sense it.

He could sense the gaze of a tremendously powerful being so far above himself in its state of life.

Yet, his powerful gaze did not buckle. n/ô/vel/b//jn dot c//om

His head was held high while his back remained straight as an arrow.

He was the Emperor of Kandria.

No matter what, he would always carry himself in a manner that was befitting the Emperor of the Kandrian Empire.

You truly are as you were in your offspring's memories.

Emperor Rael narrowed his eyes.

Non-verbal communication. That too of a caliber he had never seen before.

The 'voice' spoke in his head before he could fathom its precise origin.

Despite having spoken no more than a single time, the Elder Tree continued, you left a deep impact on your son. I have looked forward to this meeting for a long time, Emperor of Harmony. "You know me, do you?" Emperor Rael chose to match the informality that the Elder Tree had set. "I thought I would need to introduce myself."

I most certainly know of the sole human that embodies harmony as much as I do, the Elder Tree replied with hopeful eagerness. While your progeny touted harmony deceitfully, you are different. You are a man who truly embodies harmony to its very core. He could sense an almost innocent sincerity from the voice that spoke in his head.

"Tell me." Emperor Rael narrowed his eyes. "Is your pact with my son contingent on me?"

No. I made the decision to form a pact with him regardless of you. In fact, I did not expect to meet you here. I did not think that your seed would succeed in healing you. But the fact that you stand before me instead of him is proof that he did.

-



Chapter 2119  Lagging Military



Emperor Rael mulled over the Elder Tree's words carefully.

He hadn't considered that the Elder Tree would not only be aware of who he was beyond his relationship with his son but also appreciate him for his philosophy. He could see the parallels between them based on the understanding that he had gotten from Rui and the Divine Doctor. This was a creature whose survival was contingent on the stability of the ecosystems of the Beast Domain. It had sought to maintain them by protecting the balance of life as much as possible.

There were parallels between the two of them in so far as how they exercised their power in relation with others that they could influence.

It was a rather strange feeling to be told that he bore a resemblance to a giant intelligent tree. Still, regardless of the nuance, this was a good thing.

It meant that they had a good starting point for their correspondence.That was a good opportunity for building a good rapport. He instantly gained a higher certainty that he would succeed in extracting value from the Elder Tree as a super asset. "Tell me, you negotiated aid from my son for your ecosystem management in exchange for the inheritance of your knowledge, information on the Divine Doctor, and general intelligence aid to us," Emperor Rael continued. "How much do you need precisely? And how much do you offer in return?"

It was important to specify the details when it came down to it. Rael's planning needed to be extremely precise and accurate if he had any chance of succeeding with his immense ambition.

I do not require much, the Elder Tree replied. What I only require is aid with South Panama. I am situated in the North of the Beast Domain, as you are undoubtedly aware. Because of that, my domain of influence is strongest in the North before lessening in western and eastern parts of the Beast Domain. It is minimal in the Southern parts, where I truly have to strain myself to extend my influence. n/ô/vel/b//jn dot c//om

Rael sighed with relief as he shook his head.

He was worried that he would have to expend immense Martial capital across the entire Beast Domain. However, the Elder Tree being limited to the South of the Beast Domain was a good thing; it limited how much help the being needed from them.

"And how much are you able to offer in return?" Rael asked with a hint of eagerness.

Everything. His eyebrow rose.

I possess immense awareness across the entire Beast Domain, although it lessens in precision the deeper one goes due to the anti-sensory suppression of the region, the Elder Tree elaborated. Thus, I can tell you about the location of precious resources that you humans love so much. I can tell you the whereabouts of certain species of flora and fauna. As well as the location of all undiscovered mines of precious esoterics. I can direct you to other esoteric phenomena that you humans regard as priceless.

A smile emerged on Rael's face.

This was exactly what he was hoping for. This resource was something that would make traveling the Beast Domain far easier. Normally, the difficulty of the Beast Domain matched its rewards; however, with the intelligence of the Elder Tree, it was far easier.

However, there are limitations, the Elder Tree cautioned the Emperor. The resolution of my senses is not the highest. After all, these are indirect senses through flora and fauna. Thus, I can get you to within a radius of a human village of the desired target, but you will have to search for the target within said area.

Emperor Rael shook his head lightly. "That is not a problem. The fact that you can narrow it down to such a degree is quite amazing in and of itself."

Rael was already thinking of the many ways that he could employ this network to maximize its impact yield. In fact, he didn't need to delay the utility of the Elder Tree network for too long either. As long as he could keep its gains subtle, he could avoid too much scrutiny over time. This was unlike some of the other treasures, whose benefits were much more direct and could not be hidden too much if used to the maximum.

He was certain that he could use it to benefit the nation and stock up on war capital before the actual war.

In particular, what he was interested in was the fact that while the other two resources aided Martial Artists, they did not aid non-Martial military power. This meant that the Martial Union soaked most of the benefits while the Royal Army and Navy lagged behind.

That was the reason that he put such an emphasis on the Elder Tree. It was the only resource that benefited esoteric weapons technology more than it did Martial Art. That was why he needed to ensure that he used it to accelerate the development of weapons technology to keep up the growth in Martial Art.

Without this, his power as Emperor would be undermined, increasing the tensions between himself and the Martial Union. In order to maintain the balance of power, he would have to go all out on the Elder Tree's intelligence. Martial Art had been making an astonishing amount of progress, really showing off why the entire era was named after it.

It was also in part due to his son empowering Martial Arts with his thought techniques while also making contributions like the Hungry Pain technique.

While he was inordinately proud of his son for such accomplishments, it put him in a tough spot. He continued negotiating with Elder Tree about the details of their agreement before finalizing it. While he was wary of the fact that there was no enforcement mechanism disincentivizing violating, it was ultimately not a deal breaker. Based on the two sources that he had consulted on the matter, there was no need for such a thing, after all.

-



