Chapter 1781  Soft Power



Rui had chosen to refuse the will bequeathed by the Emperor of Harmony.

The reason was simple.

It cost him what he cared for the most. It was a sacrifice that he was unwilling to make, for the same reason that he had refused to make a similar sacrifice for his family ten years ago when offered protection for his family.

His decision today led to a covenant with Sage Sayfeel.

In return for prolonging the Emperor's life, Rui would ascend the throne should he fail to heal the Emperor. If he failed, however, he would ascend the throne.

It was a risk.

Yet, it was a calculated risk he was willing to take.

Rui was keenly aware of the many things that could go wrong.

He could potentially just never find the Divine Doctor; that was a very real possibility.

Even if he did find him, he could potentially fail to compel him.

Even if he did compel him, it was possible that they wouldn't make it in time.

Hell, it was possible that Rui would just die in the Beast Domain even before he met the Divine Doctor.

All these possibilities were very real and impossible to deny.

"…Still, as long as I have you, a Martial Sage, by my side," Rui heaved a sigh.

Sage Sayfeel's expression darkened. "I will not be accompanying you."

"…Wait, what?!" "Soon, the Emperor's impending death timeline will be declared," Sage Sayfeel remarked. "However, there will be princes and princesses who will seek to eliminate the Emperor before their one and only advantage over you slips."

Rui immediately understood what he was trying to convey. "Time."

If there was one advantage that the seven royals had over him, it was that they had been accumulating powerful patrons into their faction for at least seven years, some even longer. While Rui was easily the most powerful candidate for the throne, it was extraordinarily difficult to instantly inflate his faction to its maximum potential in a single day or even a single month.

Thus, it was possible for Prince Raijun or Rajak to ascend the throne if they killed Emperor Rael that day, giving absolutely no time for Rui to build enough power to curb them. Of course, he could still use his control over the four royals to curb them, but nobody knew about that; thus, the possibility of Emperor Rael being targeted was quite realistic.

That was what Sage Sayfeel did not intend to allow. He would stand guard and ensure that none of the royals would be able to lay so much as a finger on the Emperor of Harmony.

"…Alright," Rui heaved a sigh. "Do what you must as I will."

He bowed, clasping his fist with a hand.

Sage Sayfeel narrowed his eyes. "If you fail, then the Topaz of Time will have been wasted for an outcome that could have happened if you simply accepted your father's will and ascended the throne as he arranged for."

Rui narrowed his eyes. "My father's will is his. This is my will."

Rui turned around, leaving the Kandrian Throne Hall and heading down the steps.

"How was your audience with the Emperor?" Master Ceeran asked.

"Just fine," Rui replied.

No one was to know about the Emperor's condition yet, although the announcement would be made soon.

"What do you intend to do now, Your Highness?" Master Zentra asked.

Silence lingered in the air.

A single answer escaped Rui's mouth.

"Win."

Their eyes lit up at that answer.

"I will win this war before it begins," Rui closed his eyes. "Just like my father before me."

He couldn't leave the Empire without preparing his faction. It meant that he couldn't leave immediately; he would need to put a lot of effort into reeling in powerful allies and patrons until he overwhelmingly dwarfed the power of his opponents.

"I look forward to it, Your Highness," Master Zentra remarked, smiling. "Do you know what your first order of business looks like?"

"I need a staff and administration," Rui narrowed his eyes. "I cannot build a faction without a hundred-strong team of people who will handle the minutiae of building a faction. So, the first order of business is for me to hire a team of staff and administration. After that, I need to set up a foundation that will accept donations. And only then can the development of a faction happen."

Rui felt a headache coming up. During a time when he ought to be focusing on refining the Angel of Laplace to make it combat-viable, he had to deal with this mess, all because he was revealed to be a prince and now had the power to fix the Kandrian Empire potentially.

It was a complete pain in the ass, but the faction needed to be built not only to stop his siblings from ascending the throne if he failed but also to fulfill his oath to Sage Sayfeel if he failed in healing Emperor Rael.

He swore an oath that he would ascend the throne.

He intended to keep it if he failed.

He needed a faction for that, too.

"The Martial Union is more than willing to aid you with all these minor matters," Master Zentra graciously informed him.

"That's fine, but my faction cannot be comprised of people who are a part of the Martial Union. I won't tolerate any managers or bureaucrats who have had any history with the Martial Union," Rui calmly informed him. "They must be independent. Is that clear?" N/nêw n0vel chap/ers are published o/n n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

Neither Martial Master missed the subtle hint of change in his manner of address. Yet, they didn't voice it. While Rui did not suddenly gain a royal bearing all of a certain, an implicit sense of power seemed to radiate from him.

As a royal prince, as the beloved of the Martial Union, and as he who had complete control over four other royal factions, Rui's soft power and his capacity to impact the nation had risen to be on par with that of a Martial Sage.



Chapter 1782  Staff Hiring



That day, the ruling class of East Panama braced itself for a tumultuous period. The abrupt introduction of such a powerful force in the equation of Kandria's future rendered all predictions about the outcome of the throne war null and void.

Many analysts and pundits rated Prince Rui Quarrier Kandria's probability of winning at over sixty percent due to his outsized prominence and support from the Martial Union even before his identity as prince was revealed. Very rapidly, the Martial Union organized a set of recruiting events for qualified individuals with the necessary education and experience with management and bureaucracy so that they would form the basis of his faction.

Nearly a hundred thousand people applied.

Why would they not?

This was the opportunity of a lifetime.

The prince or princess that succeeded the throne would usually delegate the most important bureaucratic, administrative, and managerial roles of the Kandrian government to their most trusted staff.

Since Rui was currently evaluated to be the most likely candidate for Emperor, anyone who became his chief of staff or secretary could potentially go on to become important bigshots in the Kandrian government, such as the Executive Minister or the Royal Chancellor.

It was an extraordinary opportunity for the most qualified people in the field of management and administration who had high career ambitions.

Over the next week, the Martial Union worked furiously to separate the very best of the best and most qualified individuals, screening out the very best of the best. A few thousand remained at the end of this process.

It wasn't just qualifications that were important. It was also credibility and trustworthiness. Thê sourc𝗲 of this conte/nt n/o/v/(𝒆l)bi((n))

As per Rui's request, Martial Masters from different factions and sects of opposing interests personally verified the intent of the highly qualified individuals one after the other to root out those who were spies or had malicious intent.

"Ninety percent were rooted out?" Rui's eyes widened with shock. "Yes, Your Highness," The head of the division assigned to screening candidates for Rui's staff and administration told him. "It appears that most of the people who applied were spies sent by rivaling royals, national and international powers who wished to get reliable intelligence on your campaign and potentially sabotage it."

"Tsk tsk," Rui narrowed his eyes. "And these remaining two hundred are completely vetted with background checks that are completely verified?"

"Yes, Your Highness," The man nodded.

He was lying.

Rui knew he was lying.

The Martial Union would never fail to use this opportunity to plant their own secret agents amongst the ranks of his administration and staff.

"I'll be verifying them myself," Rui remarked. "I appreciate the administrative support from the Martial Union in handling this tiring process, and you can deduct the amount from my account."

"This is a service that the Martial Union has offered free of cost as a token of friendship to reaffirm the powerful partnership between yourself and the union," The man smiled pleasantly.

"…Token of friendship, hm?" Rui smiled wryly. "I appreciate that."

Rui had already felt the change in the dynamics of his relationship with the Martial Union. At this moment, the Martial Union was treating him like an equal and not as a son. He had gained a tremendous amount of power simply by virtue of possibly ascending the throne, even before Emperor Rael had yet to pass away.

While the process for the creation of his administrative staff was ongoing, Rui had also taken it upon himself to set up the Rui Foundation, the avenue through which his patrons and benefactors could support him through donations. It was also open to the public, should anybody feel the need to support him.

Eager to please Rui, the National Bank of Kandria swiftly streamlined what would be a long process, ensuring that the financials of the foundations were set up within a single week. "…And here it is." A well-groomed man seated before Rui smiled, opening a small chest.

At its center lay a golden-silver card.

"This is proof of ownership; it is highly important, Your Highness."

The CEM, chief executive merchant of the bank, had taken the opportunity to personally deliver the key card to the account of the newly-established Rui Foundation.

"I appreciate that Chairman Fellingel," Rui replied calmly as he inspected the card. "Thanks to your swift services, I can begin my campaign immediately."

"We are pleased to hear that you are satisfied with our services. It was not easy prioritizing your process at the cost of others, many of whom are quite powerful. We hope that you won't forget this."

Rui smiled perfunctorily, yet inwardly, he was already cursing. He hadn't even begun his campaign, but the ass-kissing and implicit bribery had already begun. He was sure that the man before him expected a 'favor' when the time came. However, that wasn't the only issue he had to tackle. He also needed some business real estate to establish his faction headquarters. After all, it was not like he could manage his faction from his extended room in the Quarrier Orphanage. He needed a proper place to work and to meet prospective patrons and benefactors.

That wasn't the only issue.

He also needed to hire a bunch of other professionals, including legal, intelligence, data analysts, and diplomats.

Fortunately, the staff that that the Martial Union had provided, which he had Master Reina further chop down by rooting out the planted spies of the Martial Union, could greatly aid in handling these matters.

"There are an additional twenty-one agendas on our docket in addition to the ones that you mentioned, Your Highness." A woman by his side remarked. "Creating a faction emblem, public persona management division, establishing rigorous administrative protocols, hierarchies of power, command, and security clearance. As well as inventory and schedule management. Not to mention, we also have to…"

Rui groaned inwardly. This was what he dreaded when it came to faction-building and kingdom-building as Emperor. He could not deal with things this boring without losing his mind bit by bit.

That was why he had hired excellent staff with extraordinary benefits and incentives.

This was his new head of staff, Mikhaila Jeaun. She had passed even the harshest round of competence evaluation, vetting, and verification with the highest credibility and transparency. "However, you can leave it to me, Your Highness," She enthusiastically smiled at him. "I will ensure that this faction runs as smoothly as a well-oiled machine!"



Chapter 1783 Announcement

The Rui Faction began setting up at a remarkable speed. Just a month after announcing his bid for the throne, the core foundations had been established.

He employed his wealth to purchase a massive high-end business complex at the heart of the Town of Hajin that could comfortably fit his new staff comprised of hundreds of members initially, due to accommodate thousands, eventually.

With the hundreds of billions of credits from his Hungry Pain contribution and the billions of gold that he had gotten from his deal with Prince Raijun, it was no effort to purchase what he needed to get his hands on.

Once his staff got to work, the speed of growth of the infant incomplete faction was high.

Very rapidly, a financial division was hired that was given some authority in the accounts of the Rui Foundation. This team would handle various mundane financial matters such as calculating budget, estimating expenditures, and documenting taxes, among other things. Rui did not want to so much as dip a toe in this matter because of how astonishingly boring and mind-numbing it was.

That was why ensuring the man in charge was competent and trustworthy was important.

"So, Mr. Dolius Meafeau, I read that you were the chairman of the top venture capital guilds in the nation before you retired," Rui remarked casually. "Why apply to my faction for the position of director of finance?"

The elderly man smiled. "I retired shortly after the debacle of the Shionel Dungeon. It was one of the most exciting econopolitical tussles that I have ever witnessed in my entire career. At the time, I didn't know who the Voider was, but he had earned my deepest appreciation and admiration. And now, the Voider has bid for the throne. My instinct tells me that this is not an event that I want to watch from the sidelines."

A small hint of mischief cracked at the end of his smile. "It also would not be bad to be appointed as the Finance Minister of the nation."

He was incredibly qualified. No one with his education, experience, and accolades would apply for the lowly position of director of finance of any ordinary organization.

But he did so for Rui's faction.

Rui accepted him in a heartbeat after verifying his intent with various Martial Masters. V/\IssịT n0(v)eL/b(i)(n).𝘤𝑜/𝓂 for the b/est novel reading experi/en/ce

Another important division that he needed to pay attention to was the intelligence division. Timely and reliable intelligence was vital for a faction to function.

Now that he was creating his own faction, it was not appropriate to rely on the Martial Union or the Beggar's Sect.

The Beggar's Sect had allied itself with Prince Raul, meaning that there was a conflict of interests between himself and the organization.

It was a shame.

They had had a good partnership and working relationship, but unfortunately, he could no longer trust them the second he was revealed to be a prince.

The Martial Union's intelligence services were still more trustworthy, but not entirely. They were not morally above manipulating information to make themselves look more favorable to him.

"Mrs. Flamella Vering," Rui remarked, seated before an older woman. "You were the former director of the Kandrian Bureau of Intelligence. You can imagine my surprise when my secretary informed me about your application for the position of Director of Intelligence in my soon-to-be complete faction."

She simply stared at him with a blank expression without making so much as a twitch.

"…" Rui waited for a moment. "I was hoping you could tell me more about your reason for application."

She closed her eyes. "I have had my eye on you ever since I learned of the fact that you tricked my intelligence surveillance when you sneaked into the Shionel Dungeon."

"Ah…" Rui smiled back as he recalled how he had tricked the Martial Union into believing he was in the Kingdom of Violis while he sneaked away to the Martial Union.

He had long forgotten about that, but apparently, some people hadn't.

He put her through even more verifying, requesting even the Truthseeker herself to vet and verify her intent before he appointed her to the position of director of intelligence.

Once he appointed competent and credible people to the directors of divisions, he completely delegated the structuring and hiring process of the positions in their departments to them. He didn't want to deal with more boring administrative work.

Thankfully, the more he delegated, the less work he had.

That wasn't saying much, of course, considering he still had a huge amount of work after delegating, but it was still manageable.

Funnily enough, he found the boring work of creating and leading a faction to be far more tiring than even the most difficult training processes for his technique project techniques.

It was soul-draining.

It made him all the more resolute to find the Divine Doctor and avoid the throne, for the task of Emperor would be a much greater burden than what he faced now.

By the time the Rui Faction was fully established and set up at its massive headquarters in the heart of the town of Hajin, three months had fully passed.

"…And with that, all systems are running smoothly and soundly, Your Highness," His secretary informed him.

Rui sat at the table in his new extravagant and ostentatious office.

Never had he imagined that he would be in the position that he was, doing the things that he was doing.

It was at moments like this that the consequences of his father's decision truly hit him.

The air grew melancholic.

He opened his eyes.

A single remark escaped his mouth.

"It's time."

"…Your Highness?" His secretary tilted her head.

"Call for a press conference," Rui remarked. "Invite all the top national and international corporations and services in the news and information distribution sector of East Panama."

His secretary widened her eyes at that instruction. "…And the purpose?"

"Only inform them that I have an important announcement to make," Rui replied. "I intend to announce the official commencement of my campaign and more…"

His eyes narrowed. "The world will listen to what I have to say."



Chapter 1784  Announcement



The powers of Kandria grew excited when Prince Rui Quarrier Kandria announced a press conference, inviting more news distribution companies than one could count. Whatever this announcement was, it was big.

It was certain that he was going to be announcing the commencement of his campaign, which was different from announcing his bid for the throne, which he had done three months prior.

It was only once the campaign began that he could actually begin accepting donors, patrons, and benefactors. Until then, there was no avenue for them to easily support him. It was also why all the national and international stakeholders of Kandrian and East Panama had yet to approach him directly.

There was no point in trying to join a faction that didn't exist.

However, now that Rui had a faction comprised of a thousand-strong staff and administration and many divisions and departments to handle the rigors that a faction underwent, only now did it make sense to try and join the faction.

That was why Kandria had been waiting for the Final Prince to announce the commencement of his campaign.

Many were waiting with abated breaths as the day of the press conference finally arrived.

An enormous crowd of reporters stood before an elevated podium. They carried recording artifacts and notepads, alert and prepared to record everything that happened. The Rui Administration had also hired a stenographer to transcript the exchanges.

Everything had been set up.

"Ladies and gentlemen," Rui addressed the crowd of reporters from behind his speaker's booth. "Welcome to this conference."

The noise from the crowd lessened as Rui commenced.

"A little over three months ago, at the Royal Addressal Ceremony, I was not only revealed to be a royal prince but also declared as heir to the Emperor," Rui began his speech without any further formalities. "A short while later, I announced my bid for the throne."

His eyes narrowed. "I have not forgotten my word. In the past three months since, I have worked hard to take the first steps towards achieving my goal of becoming Emperor. I have formed the foundations needed for me to begin striving for the throne in earnest. I have formed the platform that will elevate me to the crown."

His eyes grew steely. "On this day, I declare the founding of the Rui Faction!"

FLAP!

Behind him, a large banner unfolded, revealing a grand banner. It bore the new emblem of the Rui Faction, shining and glistening as a matter of the esoteric fabric used to construct it.

The entire conference hall unrolled the various banners, dying the entire conference hall in the colors of the Rui Faction. Ch𝒆êck out l𝒂t𝒆st 𝒏𝒐v𝒆l𝒔 on n/o/v𝒆/l/bin(.)c/𝒐/m

A wave of murmurs spread through the reporters as they excitedly captured images and took notes.

"On this day, I, Prince Rui Quarrier Kandria, declare the commencement of my campaign for the throne."

His tone was strong and intense.

His eyes conveyed his determination to ascend the throne and become Emperor.

"On this day, I begin my unstoppable march to the crown."

The air tingled as his strong voice reverberated through the throne hall.

He closed his eyes. "And when I ascend the throne, the world will look back at this day and remember my declaration."

He opened his eyes, eying each of the reporters deeply. "When I ascend the throne, I shall raise this Empire to even greater heights than my father did."

His eyes narrowed. "When I ascend the throne, I shall restore the harmony that my brothers and sisters seek to disrupt."

His expression darkened. "The harmony that my father dedicated his life to creating and cultivating. The harmony that lies at the core of the Kandrian Empire. The harmony that allowed the Kandrian Empire to soar to greater heights while the flames of civil war burned down all those around it."

His tone grew stronger.

"Harmony is my doctrine." Rui narrowed his eyes. "I intend to remind this nation what our greatest strength is."

His tone grew more intense.

"Our greatest strength is neither our powerful Martial Art nor the mighty Martial Union."

The reporters stirred as Rui uttered some rather bold and controversial words. The Martial Union was his biggest supporter and fan; undoubtedly, how would they feel about that statement?

Regardless, the reporters were happy with the juicy content.

"Our greatest strength is not our government," Rui boldly declared. "Nor is it our valiant royal army, not our economy, nor our maritime sector, not even our people are our strongest strength despite their greatest importance."

He had arrived. "…Our greatest strength is the harmony that exists, and has existed, between all of them," Rui remarked. "While the world was plunged into civil war, the Kandrian Empire took this opportunity to progress and skyrocket while other nations stalled and even regressed. That is why our Empire, young as it is, is able to stand equal to powerhouses with a history and accumulation spanning millennia prior to the Age of Martial Art."

His words could not be denied.

"If any of the sectors of our Empire ceased to exist, we would still not lose our status as a powerhouse despite being hurt," Rui boldly declared. "However, if the harmony of our Empire disappears and we fall into a destructive civil war, we will undoubtedly fall off our pedestal, burning as we regress to a state three centuries ago."

Rui narrowed his eyes. "That is why harmony is the doctrine of the Rui Faction. Our faction firmly believes that any force that tries to disrupt the harmony of our Empire is an enemy and a traitor."

The reporters murmured.

"I believe that there are many who believe in the doctrine of harmony. In the doctrine that my father imbued into the soul of the great Empire," Rui declared. "I believe, in my heart, that I am not the only one who feels the way I feel. I believe that there are many who are sick of the extreme proclivities of my siblings who seek to turn the Empire into a vessel of their own personal ambition without care for the delicate harmony that they threaten to destroy."



Chapter 1785  Questions



"To all the stakeholders of Kandria, if the harmony of the Kandrian Empire is in your heart, then I beseech you," Rui called. "Lend me your power. Lend me your support. Allow me to maintain the peace and harmony that my father has maintained."

Rui's strategy was simply to appeal to the stakeholders of Kandria, which weren't appealed to by either of the seven royals and did not possess a strong affinity for any of them.

He knew that there were plenty of such stakeholders in Kandria. Powerful, rich, and authoritative people who weren't strongly inclined in the direction of any of the seven royals.

These were people who were put off by the radical extremism in the visions that each of the seven had presented. There were undoubtedly a lot of conservatives in the nation who were silent because they had no avenue to channel their power in.

Only a royal could ascend the throne.

No matter how rich, powerful, and authoritative, this could not be changed. Thus, the only way to impact the future was to support a royal.

However, previously, there had been not a single competent royal who sought to maintain the harmony that Emperor Rael had worked hard to create and preserve over his lifetime. Thus, the people who desired the status quo to remain had no avenue to channel their power to maintain it.

08:59

However, previously, there had been not a single competent royal who sought to maintain the harmony that Emperor Rael had worked hard to create and preserve over his lifetime. Thus, the people who desired the status quo to remain had no avenue to channel their power to maintain it.

That was why Rui had framed the rhetoric of his campaign in the manner that he had chosen to.

He was appealing to this interest group of the Kandrian Empire. These were conservatives from an older era, having prolonged their life with potions, who had personally witnessed the astounding, unprecedented growth that Emperor Rael had brought about in three centuries.

That was who he was talking to at the moment, even if he was looking at reporters.

He knew he would not be able to pull away the hardcore supporters from each of the seven royals, barring Prince Raijun. There was no way the Kandrian Seafare Association and the Ministry of Maritime Affairs would defect from Princess Ranea after she had filled their heads with her nonsensical visions of the Age of Sailors.

"I know that many of you watched in silence."

Rui's tone grew soft.

"I know many of you have watched with defeat."

It grew sympathetic. "I know many of you have watched with fear."

His tone grew stronger.

"Fear at what will become of the Kandrian Empire should my fools of siblings ascend the throne." VịSit no(v)3lb/!n(.)c𝒐m for new 𝒏ov𝒆l𝒔

"Well…" His eyes sharpened. "…Fear not. For I, Rui Quarrier Kandria, heir to the Emperor of Harmony, reject them."

His tone grew stronger.

"I reject their vision."

It grew fierce. "I reject their ambitions.

His tone quivered with power.

"I REJECT THEIR DISHARMONY!" He bellowed.

The reporters shook, stunned where they stood as a blast of emotion accompanied his bold declaration.

"…Yet, I cannot reject them with my power alone."

His voice was reduced to a whisper.

"I cannot protect harmony with my power alone."

A fierce whisper.

"I cannot do it by myself."

His voice escalated.

"Lend me your power," his eyes narrowed. "Lend me your power, and I will endeavor to protect and elevate harmony—a harmony that permeates through each and every element of this nation, binding us together for eons to come."

He closed his eyes. "Glory to the Kandrian Empire."

The reporters double-took as Rui indicated the end of his speech.

That was incredibly short for a conference as large as this.

Usually, speeches for conferences with so many news distribution companies and services were much longer, lasting at least ten minutes.

"I now open this conference to questions," Rui calmly declared.

A multitude of hands flew up.

"Go ahead," Rui nodded at the first one to do so.

"Thank you for the opportunity, Your Highness," The reporter began. "Your Highness' speech was emotionally powerful but seemed to be entirely devoid of any practical and grounded explanations for the manner that you would be ruling this nation in, should you one day ascend the throne. Can you be clearer and more precise as to what, if any, specific commitments you will be making?"

It was a pertinent question that was framed in a manner that inquired about a clear shortcoming in his speech without antagonizing him.

"Of course I can," Rui replied calmly. "Let me begin by saying that the shortcoming is intentional. The most important part of politics, a process of taking the world from how it is to how we want it to be, is conveying the core of my vision that drives my policies and politics. Simply rambling about my economic and political doctrines without illuminating the core vision that underlies all of it is foolish."

He paused for a moment. "To answer your question, any changes in policy I make will be reactive to economic and national stimuli; I do not have any active changes, for I do not wish to disrupt the status quo of our nation. My fiscal policy will almost entirely overlap with that of the Emperor's, barring a few small changes in policy that I'm sure His Majesty would agree to due to changing times. But otherwise, the distribution and division of the fiscal budget will remain largely the same. I will maintain the Emperor's policy of relying on governmental intervention only when there are negative externalities that cannot be accounted for by the free-market economy that we have in place. Taxes, of course, will remain unchanged, and expenditure will be maintained proportionally. I also intend to continue the Emperor's policy of minimizing the rate of change in expenditure allocations to no more than three percent a year to avoid any drastic shocks to the harmony of the Emperor."

When it was time, Rui immediately altered the nature of his message from oratory to technical, growing remarkably specific about exactly what the Kandrian Empire would look like under his rule.

The shift was rather jarring, catching everybody, including the one who asked the question, off-guard.



Chapter 1786 Answers

Once Rui made it clear that he wasn't simply a motivational speaker trying for the Emperor, the reporters grew more serious, asking targeted and specific questions.

"What is the Kandrian Empire's foreign policy going to look like under your rule?"

"What is your stance on social issues? Do you intend to focus on Martial-perpetrated crimes on non-Martial citizens? What are your thoughts the non-Martial-lives-matter movement by the Kandrian Ruffians and His Highness Prince Raul."

"What are your solutions to fiscal deficit and the growing debt-to-GDP ratio of the Kandrian Empire in the past seven years?"

These were incredibly difficult matters and issues to tackle for even seasoned statesmen.

However, Rui had done his homework in the past three months at the cost of training Angel of Laplace, something he mourned and lamented every day of his life.

"The Kandrian Empire's foreign policy is going to maintain the stance that it has had for three centuries. We are not territorially aggressive and have not engaged in conquest for three hundred years, ever since the first Emperor's passing. However, I also recognize that the world is not a friendly place and does not possess the harmony that the Kandrian Empire does. It is a world of the survival-of-the-fittest where the weak are bullied and consumed by the strong. Rest assured, the Kandrian Empire will continue to remain among the strongest under my rule and will actively take aggressive measures against foreign hostile forces that seek to bully or consume us."

"You have brought up a deep social problem that is extraordinarily difficult to solve. Unfortunately, activism cannot fix injustice. Only power can. The Prevention of Martial Crimes Act launched by my father nine years ago to deal with this growing problem has failed because it was unable to secure the cooperation of the Martial Union as well as his untimely health problems. I, however, am not subject to the same restrictions for obvious reasons as an influential member, to say the least, of the Martial Union. With the power of Emperor and the Martial Union combined, I alone, out of all candidates, possess the power to resolve this horrible social issue that permeates all of human civilization."

"Deficit is indeed a problem that the Kandrian Empire is faced with. I intend to raise the interest rates of the Reserve Bank of Kandria while also erasing the deficit and adding repayment of treasury bonds as a national interest in the roster of fiscal interests. It will be possible to repay the entirety of the national debt over the span of thirty years and drastically reduce the amount of interest we pay each year, freeing up the fiscal budget that I will redirect towards the expenditure of gross fixed capital formation."

With each answer, the reporters were taken aback by the sheer clarity and brevity of his answers to each of their probing questions, as well as the display of the deep knowledge that he possessed, having sharpened it over the span of three months.

Not a single reporter was able to muster up a follow-up to any of their questions due to the sheer wholeness and sense of completion that each of his answers possessed. While there were plenty of dishonest reporters with an agenda to make him look bad, he didn't offer them a single avenue to make him look bad.

And they certainly tried.

"As a member of the Martial Union's Martial fiscal committee, are you not completely biased towards the Martial Union?" One reporter challenged. "How can the citizens of this nation trust you when you may as well be a puppet of the Martial Union?"

"Yes, because it makes sense that a puppet of the Martial Union has openly and vehemently criticized Martial supremacy, had refused to join the Martial Union as anything more than an honorary member its entire career, and even duped the Martial Union on several occasions in the past, and refuses to allocate any additional resources or money or legislation in favor of the Martial Union. On top of that, I have even stripped their actual puppet, who has promised all these things, of all his support," Rui sarcastically replied. "I would be one hell of a useless puppet if I were a puppet, wouldn't I?"

A wave of chuckles washed across the reporters as the reporter left the podium before he could face any more embarrassment.

"Any final questions?" Rui asked.

Most of the reporters had gotten around to asking all the pertinent and important questions.

Just as Rui was about to end the session, a single had risen up.

"Go ahead."

"Thank you for the opportunity, Your Highness…" The man remarked. "You are a Martial Artist, yes?"

"…Of course," Rui remarked with a raised eyebrow. "

"…And yet you seek to be Emperor."

"…Is that a question?"

"No," The man shook his head. "My question is, how do you do both at the same time?"

It was a more innocent question.

Yet, the reporters turned to face Rui with askance.

"Is it even possible to do both at the same time? And if it isn't…which one will you be dedicating more energy to?"

Rui stared at the man. "…Should I ascend the throne, I will fulfill my duties as Emperor without anything interfering." Thê sourc𝗲 of this conte/nt n/o/v/(𝒆l)bi((n))

"…I see. Thank you for your answer."

Rui nodded.

He didn't lie.

His statement conditioned it on him ascending the throne, which he didn't intend to do. Of course, if he failed to find the Divine Doctor, he would certainly ascend the throne in accordance with the oath that he made to Sage Sayfeel.

"If that's all, then this conference comes to an end," Rui calmly declared. "I am grateful to all of you for your time and questions. Glory to Kandria."

He walked off the stage, heading into the backroom.

"Well done, sir," His secretary complimented him. "The faction has already received many offers and inquiries through our official channels. It has appeared that your powerful speech and solid answers have appealed to many."



Chapter 1787 Donation and Announcement

"Good," Rui narrowed his eyes. "I need to appeal to as many people as I need to for my plan.""Yes, sir," His secretary nodded knowingly.

The only hiring of which Rui had personally partaken was that of his secretary; he had even chosen a candidate who, while extremely qualified, was not the very best because her background was fully transparent. In the past three months, he had fully vetted her time and time again with Martial Masters and had placed her under permanent surveillance.

This was because he needed her to be aware of his intentions. Otherwise, the probability of someone finding out would be much higher if she was not aware enough to cooperate with him.

Regardless, she wasn't kidding about his speech having made waves. By the time Rui even returned back to his office in the town of Hajin, large developments had already occurred.

"The Martial Union has made a hundred billion gold donation along with the announcement of its official patronage to the Rui Faction," His secretary murmured, shocked.

The report shook Rui.

"What?!" Rui's eyes widened.

A hundred billion gold was an astronomical amount of wealth. For the Martial Union to make that donation as a whole organization and not from individual sects was an incredible start.

"And you said the Martial Union as a whole made that donation and officially announced its support of me?" Rui's eyes widened. "That's...incredible!"

While he knew that he would beat his half-brother Raijun in winning over sects and factions of the Martial Union, he didn't know he would win over the Martial Union as a whole.

He quickly studied the statement provided by his secretary in disbelief, along with the financial statement from the National Bank of Kandria providing a statement that confirmed the donation from the Rui Foundation.

"Damn..." Rui murmured in disbelief. "...I guess the Rui Faction is already rich."

While he was sure that the wealth of the other seven candidates exceeded his, he could be confident that he had already gained the capital to compete with them with this enormous donation alone.

"Has the Martial Union expressed a desire to meet me?" Rui furrowed his eyebrows.

"No, sir, they have merely announced their support with you along with a donation and have remained entirely silent after that."

"Huh." Rui frowned.

That was atypical. Usually, patrons, benefactors, and stakeholders sought to meet with the candidate they were supporting in order to gain a better mutual understanding of what they wanted from each other.

It was very rarely the case that public statements of support were made with massive donations before some prior mutual

understanding was established between the benefactor and receiver.

That was why Rui wasn't sure what the Martial Union's intentions were.

They gave him a hundred billion gold coins and a public announcement of support the second that Rui officially declared the commencement of his campaign. That sounded like they simply wanted to support him unconditionally without any expectations in return.

"That's absurd," Rui murmured. "Nothing is unconditional."bender

"Perhaps you should meet with the highest leaders of the Martial Union, Your Highness," His secretary suggested. "It would behoove you to convey your gratitude for the donations and public support."

"You're right; tell Mikhaila to arrange for an invitation and appointment," Rui remarked. "I don't know if I'll get to speak to the very highest leaders, but I'm sure the highest Martial Masters of the Martial Union will form a collective representative."

For the Martial Union as a whole, the sheer scope of the money involved and the stakes at hand were so great that none of his Martial Master friends within the Martial Union, like Master Ceeran or Master Vericita, could singlehandedly represent the entire Martial Union.

Only a diverse panel of Martial Masters across different sects and factions possessed the qualifications to represent the Martial Union as a whole to one of its supported princes. Either that or a Martial Sage. A Martial Sage was qualified to represent the Martial Union even at the highest of levels and stakes.

Rui didn't think Martial Sages would go out of their way to meet him. While it was true that his power and capacity to impact this nation had increasingly grown on par with them, they undoubtedly primarily judged him as a Martial Artist more than anything else.

And so long as he was a Martial Senior, even if he was the youngest and among the most accomplished, he was not qualified; it was difficult for him to earn the personal time of mighty vaunted Martial Sages.

Sage Sayfeel did so primarily because of the fact that he was chosen by the Emperor of Harmony as his heir.

"Regardless, this is an incredible development," Rui murmured. "With the public support of the Martial Union, it's almost entirely game over."

Prince Raijun never managed to earn more than the informal support of a solid chunk of the Martial Union. That was why he was never able to overwhelmingly crush his rivals.

Rui, however, had gained the full support of the Martial Union. He had gained the full support of the most powerful bloc in Kandria, entirely unrivaled by any other faction now that Emperor Rael was permanently out of commission.

How could any prince or princess resist him?

"They can't."

It was overwhelming to the point he may as well not bother with any other patron or benefactor.

"That's unwise," Rui shook his head, turning to his secretary. "Tell me about the others who have expressed an interest in my campaign."Thê sourc𝗲 of this conte/nt n/o/v/(𝒆l)bi((n))

"The first one to do so immediately after hearing your speech was the Director of the Kandrian Border Patron Force," His secretary explained. "She sent an inquiry and a request for an appointment with you soon after the conference ended."

Rui's eyes lit up.

The director of the Kandrian Border Patrol Force was undoubtedly powerful and authoritative, entrusted with the important duty of ensuring the borders of the Kandrian Empire were never breached, covertly or openly.



Chapter 1788  Familiary New



"The director of the Kandrian Border Patrol Force isn't the only individual interested in meeting you," His secretary remarked. "Miss Mikhaila has already compiled a list of inquiries and appointments expressing credible interest and their prior engagements in the Kandrian Throne War as per research conducted by the intelligence division."

She placed a document before him, which quickly revealed itself to be a compilation of reports on those who had reached out to the newly officially founded Rui Faction. Within it were chairmen, Martial Artists, organizations, corporations, and even some government officials.

"…Woah!" Rui murmured when he came across a name that was familiar yet new. "Bradt-Decker Political Venture Capital Guild? What the heck is this?"

He recognized the two names, but he had never heard of this guild ever before.

"Officially, it is a guild that was founded by Guildmaster Bradt and Chairman Decker Byrnes of the Shionel Confederation as a consortium of like-minded politically interested merchants who would collectively pool their money and invest in political candidates, politicians and members of monarchies to aid them in coming to power, however…" She remarked as she placed another file before him. "Director Vering believes that Guildmaster Bradt and Chairman Decker have created this consortium with the specific intention of supporting you."

Rui read through the report that his new director of intelligence had quickly put together to explain her analysis of the new political venture capital guild. By relying on things such as Guildmaster Bradt's prior failed proposal in the Shionel Merchant Guild and the subsequent forming of the political venture capital guild shortly after Rui's identity was revealed, as well as Guildmaster Bradt's prior engagements with Rui, there was an exceptionally high probability that this new consortium existed for the sole purpose of supporting Rui.

"Director Vering is indeed highly competent an analyst," Rui smiled. "Because her analysis is exactly on the money."

He agreed with her analysis that Guildmaster Bradt had probably created this organization with the intention of approaching Rui as a whole. His identity as the Guildmaster of the Shionel Confederation and the chairman of Bradt Distribution Services was no longer enough in and of itself to draw out the best concessions in return from Rui.

"This bastard…" Rui grinned, amused and resigned. "He wants to squeeze as much from me as possible."

He expected nothing less from Guildmaster Bradt. "He filed for an appointment the very second the banners of the Rui Faction dropped," Rui chuckled. "Alright, I'm definitely interested in hearing how he intends to squeeze me this time."

On top of that, he still hadn't forgotten the fact that he owed the crafty guildmaster a solid favor. The man had let the favor sit, allowing Rui to grow, increasing the value of that favor so that he could one day extract a powerful gift from Rui.

Neither one of them had likely expected that that favor would come into play this quickly. However, while Rui knew that the guildmaster was not going to make it easy for him, he also knew that it was worth it to have the guildmaster as an ally.

The man was exceedingly sharp with a heightened sense of opportunity; he was known as a surgeon in the business world for a reason, and Rui had seen how well he exploited opportunities and made the absolute best out of them.

"The political venture capital is exceedingly wealthy and will undoubtedly offer great financial support if Your Highness is able to earn their patronage, according to Director Vering," His secretary remarked.

"She's right, but that's actually not why I am interested in his support," Rui remarked with interest. "I am after the connectivity that the Bradt Distribution Service can offer. That's extremely valuable in appealing to international stakeholders."

With Guildmaster Bradt, he had full, smooth, and reliable access to all of East Panama. The man could connect him to anybody and anywhere, allowing him to send and receive anything from and to them incredibly swiftly.

"Arrange for an appointment as soon as possible," Rui nodded. "I'll form a priority list based on these potential patrons and allies. Brad-Decker Political Venture Capital Guild is definitely very high up on that list."

"You have also received inquiries from seventeen Martial Masters, many of whom are largely independent," His secretary remarked. "Would you be interested in meeting them as well?"

"Of course, I need as many Martial Artists as I can get," Rui remarked. "I will personally speak to all the Martial Masters myself."

At the moment, Master Ceeran and Master Zentra were standing guard behind him silently, alert. When they actually worked in their roles as bodyguards, they didn't utter so much as a word, instead focusing their senses outwards, ensuring that there were no threats nearby and that if there were, they would be able to react to them very quickly.

"This, however, has been deemed the most important prospective ally," His secretary placed a file before him.

It was a statement of offer of alliance and patronship from a familiar person.

Rui's eyes lit up with elation at the identity of the person. "Minister Varay has defected from the Raemina Faction!" Ch𝒆êck out l𝒂t𝒆st 𝒏𝒐v𝒆l𝒔 on n/o/v𝒆/l/bin(.)c/𝒐/m

Minister Varay, the Minister of Martial Art, was of the Merger Faction that had chosen Princess Raemina for her ideals were the closest to fulfilling the dreams of the Merger Faction. The Merger Faction was unsatisfied with the harmony that Emperor Rael had created; they wanted unity. And it appeared that they saw hope in Rui Quarrier to fulfill their greatest dreams.

It made sense, after all, Rui Quarrier had earned what was almost completely unconditional loyalty from the Martial Union, as long as he didn't do something absolutely maniacal like wage war against the Martial Union, they would always have his back, and as Emperor, he would also gain full power of the throne.

With the power to harness the throne and the Martial Union, in a way, their dreams of unity would be partially fulfilled!

"Put him at the top of the list along with the Director of the Kandrian Border Patrol Force, then the Martial Masters, and after that, the various other business tycoons in descending order of net worth," Rui decided. "That is the order in which I shall speak to all of them."



Chapter 1789 Criteria

﻿﻿There was a reason that Rui put those two government officials who had contacted him at the top of the list. High-ranking government officials were the most important people in the Kandrian Throne War.

Found Emperor Ra had made it so that the new Emperor could not be officially crowned without their presence and official acknowledgment of the new Emperor. According to Kandrian law, the Coronation Ceremony required at least seventy-five percent of high-ranking government officials to officiate the ceremony for it to be considered official.

Anything less than seventy-five percent, and the ceremony was invalid.

This essentially meant that during times of throne wars, these government officials collectively had the power of kingmaker. Whichever prince or princess could compel seventy-five percent of the high-ranking officials at the time could become Emperor or Empress as soon as the throne was empty.

This was the game; this was why gaining as much Martial, economic, and political capital mattered to these princes and princesses. Those royals with the greatest Martial, economic, and political capital would be able to earn the support of as many high-ranking government officials by purchasing their officiation with said capital from their allies.

Previously, Rui hadn't cared about this detail since this was a headache exclusively for the princes and princesses, but now it was his headache, thus all the details suddenly began mattering.

"As long as I can bag these two, then I will have remarkably swift progress, considering it hasn't even been half a day since the commencement of my campaign," Rui remarked. "I've already essentially gained the support of two high-ranking government officials of a total of hundred and four."

There were a hundred and four high-ranking government officials, including ministers, directors, generals, and supreme judges, who each oversaw an entire executive, judiciary, or military section of the government, be they ministries, agencies, bureaus, courts, militias, etc.

It was highly optimistic that Rui had already essentially received the support of two such officials: the Minister of Martial Art and the Director of the KBPF. How many more would he gain the support of over the span of weeks and months?

Which government official would be able to say no with the silhouette of the Martial Union standing behind him? There was little the other seven royals would be able to individually do, considering how much power and influence Rui had even before he was revealed to be a prince.

"The Minister of Culture has just requested for an appointment, Your Highness!"

"The President of the East Panamic Consortium has issued a statement expressing interest in joining the newly-founded Rui Faction!"

"The Panamic Martial Federation has issued a statement of support for Prince Rui Quarrier Kandria!"

Rui was glad that he had built a very solid faction administration and staff beforehand; otherwise, he would be drowning in all this good news!

Yet it was impossible for everything to be good.

"Prince Raijun and Rajak have announced an alliance, Your Highness!"

A bomb had been dropped.

The air grew electric as the jubilation of his faction was dampened.

"What?!" Rui narrowed his eyes. "No way."

He couldn't believe that Prince Rajak would ever dream of collaborating with Prince Raijun, considering what the latter had done to his family. The very thought of it should have been deeply disgusting to him.

Yet, when he looked at the statement released by the Rajak and Raijun administrations, it became rather clear that it was very real.

"He…actually decided to ally with Prince Raijun," Rui whispered with shock. "…All to stop me from becoming Emperor."

From the statement released, Rui could sense deep desperation from Prince Rajak. He wouldn't have done this if he had no other choice and was unwilling to compromise on the throne.

'Something must have happened between him and the Underworld," Rui realized. 'Is he losing their support?'

He didn't know.

One thing was clear, however.

"He's doing this because he knows that he has no other way of stopping me," Rui's expression grew ugly. "What is their current collective share of the high-ranking government officials?"Thê sourc𝗲 of this conte/nt n/o/v/(𝒆l)bi((n))

"Twenty-two high-ranking government officials are supporting the two of them in total, Your Highness," His secretary immediately informed him.

"…And what about Raul?"

"Twelve government officials in total, sir," She quickly supplied.

"So the three of them have monopolized the support of thirty-

four government officials," Rui narrowed his eyes. "Which means I'll have to steal eight high-ranking government official from them in order to reach seventy-five percent."

His secretary frowned in confusion. "What about the remaining four royals, Your Highness? They also have a solid share of the hundred and four high-ranking government officials you will need for the official coronation ceremony after the Emperor of Harmony passes away in five years."

Rui shook his head. "Those four are irrelevant; ignore them."

He no longer cared about what Randal, Raemina, Ranea, and Rafia did. They were dead as far as he was concerned, and they probably knew it. Their final hope, the Emperor of Harmony, had become their final despair when he declared Rui his heir.

"Master Ceeran," Rui addressed his bodyguard.

"Yes, Your Highness?" Master Ceeran smiled from behind him.

"Don't call me that," Rui grumbled. "You remember that item I gave you for safekeeping?"

"…Of course."

"Please open it and give it to the Martial Union as evidence."

"…Okay?" Master Ceeran frowned. "Evidence of what?"

Rui smirked. "You should see it firsthand; it's quite entertaining and amusing, as far as I am concerned. Please ensure that the information is as contained as possible."

"…Understood."

With that, the four royals were no longer relevant.

The only opponents he had remaining were Prince Raul, Prince Rajak, and Prince Raijun. It was a shame that he wasn't able to gather any irrefutable evidence on Prince Rajak's involvement with his assassination, but alas.

"What now, Your Highness?" His secretary asked.

"Now, we go over and win every single damn person interested in supporting the Rui Faction," Rui narrowed his eyes. "The next few months are going to be hectic as all hell."



Chapter 1790  Clandestine Arrest



In a garden outside the Vargard Royal Palace sat four royals.

Prince Randal, Princess Ranea, Rafia, and Raemina sat around a table, sipping tea. There wasn't much to do these days. Each of them had barely managed to come to terms with the fact that their campaigns for the throne were dead. They had accepted that their dreams and ambitions for the throne were dead.

It hadn't been easy.

Some of these dreams and ambitions had driven them since childhood, and it was extremely painful for them to accept that they would never happen. Yet, thrust its will onto them.

Or rather, Rui Quarrier Kandria did.

His existence had become a source of primal terror to each of them. Prince Randal was too proud and ashamed to admit that he had recurring nightmares of Rui Quarrier Kandria every night since the royal addressal ceremony.

The Final Prince had made a deep impact on his psyche even before he was revealed to be a prince.

Prince Randal had previously thought that the day of his assassination attempt on the final prince was the worst day of his life.

Nothing else had come close.

That was until the royal addressal ceremony had come, turning his final hope into final despair. Ch𝒆êck out l𝒂t𝒆st 𝒏𝒐v𝒆l𝒔 on n/o/v𝒆/l/bin(.)c/𝒐/m

The two events had scarred him. He had come out of them a changed man.

All of them had. While he, Princess Raemina, and Princess Ranea had managed to pull themselves together, the same could not be said for Princess Rafia.

She sat at the table with a vacant, hollow expression. Her eyes were glazed over, unfocused, while her mouth hung open. She had a maid who would occasionally wipe the drool trickling down her mouth.

She had been diagnosed with severe PTSD, often causing her mind to simply disassociate from reality to escape the trauma.

Prince Randal shook his head at her sight. "…He recently started his campaign."

None of the two able princesses responded.

"I just hope that he ascends the throne and keeps up his promise of letting us live the rest of our lives out," Prince Randal heaved a shaky sigh.

That was their only hope. They hoped that Rui Quarrier Kandria would be able to win and then decide to keep them around as pawns to use after he ascended the throne.

Alas, that was not to be.

The air tingled.

It grew perilous.

The four royals instinctively glanced up to the sky before shuddering with shock.

Dozens of Martial Masters descended into the garden from the heavens!

A deep collective displeasure radiated from each of them.

Their attires were varied and diverse, suiting their personal inclinations and Martial Art. Yet each of them bore the emblem of the Kandria Martial Union.

The four royals watched with fear as dozens of Martial Masters descended before them. Leading them at the forefront was the famous Surgeon, Master Zentra—a powerful high-grade Martial Master who had earned great recognition from the Martial Union.

This was not a man who moved for light reasons.

Sixteen Martial Masters appeared before the Martial Masters of the Martial Union and the four royals.

"What is the meaning of this?!" One of them barked at the Union Masters. "Have you gone mad?! Has the Martial Union declared war against the Royal Family?!"

"It's the other way around." Master Ceeran's voice was murderous. He emerged from among his peers with a profound bloodlust radiating from him. "The Royal Family has declared war against the Martial Union!"

"No, we didn't!" Prince Randal desperately denied the false accusations.

"YES YOU DID YOU MOTHERF-"

"-Ceeran." Master Zentra's calm voice cut through his titanic roar. Although his voice was soft, it contained a depth of power that Master Ceeran lacked. He slowly turned towards the sixteen Martial Masters, having abated his junior's belligerence. "I am Zentra of the Martial Union. I apologize for my colleague's outburst; you can rest assured the Martial Union has neither declared war against the Royal Family nor believes that the Royal Family has declared war against the Martial Union."

"That when have you come?!" One Martial Master retorted with wary indignance. "Unauthorized entry of royal property is prohibited!"

"According to the clauses of the Crimes Against Martial Art Act, the Martial Union is authorized to enter any and all lands within the Kandrian Empire in pursuit of the arrest of those it charges with murder conspiracy against not just a Martial Artist, but a constituent of the Martial Fiscal Committee," Master Zentra calmly remarked.

Instantly, the sixteen Martial Masters and the four royals grew grave.

They all understood exactly what had happened. Rui Quarrier Kandria had pulled the trigger.

He had decided that he no longer needed them.

And at the moment, he no longer needed them.

In fact, he needed them gone. Each of them had earned the deep loyalty of a handful of high-ranking government officials who would not budge from them. If Rui wanted to earn their loyalty, he needed to cleanly remove them from the equation without any shadow of a doubt.

"Now…" Master Zentra's calm voice drew everybody's attention.

His eyes sharpened. "Move. Or you will be moved with force. You will join us regardless. The Martial Union has decided to avoid charging the sixteen of you with attempted murder as long as you agree to some…arrangements. However, if you want to join them in hell, I can have that arranged."

The sixteen Martial Masters grew severe.

But eventually, they relented, stepping out of the way.

Prince Randal gritted his teeth.

Yet it was over.

"We have prepared a discreet transport method," Master Zentra remarked, gesturing to a stealth Martial Master.

The royals frowned. Why bother going through these elaborate methods instead of just arresting them openly?

"His Highness wishes to speak to you," Master Zentra clarified calmly. "I believe that he had a proposal to make to you."

The four royals stiffened at those words. None of them wanted to meet the Final Prince again, yet they had no choice. They could only pray that the worst would not unfold and they would at least be able to live a life.



