Chapter 2240  Suicide Mission



In just a moment, the three strongest Martial Seniors of Kandria leading Operation Clean-Up were suppressed by many powerful Martial Masters that systematically opposed them as more and more of their peers grew rejuvenated.

BOOOOOM BOOOOOM BOOOOOM!!!

Sir Armstrong's eyes sharpened as he put his all into defending himself from the astronomical onslaught that threatened to overwhelm even his immense and vaste natural durability.

"Rgh…!"

Kane's new domain was slowly torn apart as many Martial Masters wrung heaven and earth out of his control collectively, shredding off his armor of lightning.

BOOOM BOOOM BOOOM!!

"HAHAHA! IS THAT THE BEST YOU CAN DO, YOU LITTLE SHITS?" Nel bellowed even as he weathered the onslaughts from his enemies who were determined to put him down like a wild animal.

Unfortunately, bravado was not enough to win a battle.

Far from it.

The Sekigaharan Masters who should have been focusing on retreating had lost themselves in the pent up anger and frustration of losing the war to Kandrian Masters and now stooping to losing to even their Seniors.

That was too much for their psyche.

"DIE, KANDRIAN SCUM!"

"KNOW YOUR PLACE, LITTLE SENIORS!"

"HOW DARE YOU ATTACK A MARTIAL MASTER!"

Rui clenched fists as his eyes narrowed.

A single realization had dawned on him.

The truth became clear as he beheld the battle dynamics at large.

"Father…" He gritted his teeth. "This was a suicide mission."

A mutual suicide mission by design.

There's no way his father didn't predict that they would undoubtedly lose their lives en masse even if their opponents were exhausted.

However, his father probably didn't care.

After all, the life of a Martial Senior was insignificant compared to that of a Martial Master.

If his father could kill as many Martial Masters as the number of Martial Seniors who were sacrificed, then his father and the Martial Union would gladly make that sacrifice.

It just made too much strategic sense.

So much so that even Rui had no choice but to admit that the decision to deploy them into a deep strike operation from which their probability of survival was low made the most sense.

It was objectively the best option.

And Kandria would not be where it was today if not for his father making the objectively most superior strategic and tactical decisions each time.

Yet, as he watched Kane, Nel, and Sir Armstrong get piled on by even more rejuvenated Martial Masters who unloaded all the power in their Martial Hearts in abandon to kill the Martial Seniors that had given them so much humiliation, he couldn't help but grow more indignant.

He didn't care about the other Martial Seniors.

However, he didn't want to see Kane, Nel, and Sir Armstrong die.

Was he going to just sit there and watch all of them get brutally decimated as the onslaughts on them only grew stronger and stronger?

His fists clenched as he gritted his teeth.

The answer was clear.

"No."

He got up with a determined expression.

But what could he even do?

His mind was truly exhausted from the sheer number of times he had abused the VOID algorithm, the Angel of Laplace, the SOUL System, and the Hypnotrix in the previous battle. There's no way that he could use his Martial Mind.

He hadn't forgotten Master Zentra's warning in that regard.

"…There's no point in jumping into battle if I can't use my systems of thought and or Martial Mind." He massaged his aching head.

His greatest strength was thought.

It always had been.

Without it, he was only a fraction as strong as he was with it.

"I don't have the power to turn the tides with my personal power as I am right now." He grew more urgent as he saw even the Gatekeeper bleeding profusely from the sheer amount of devastation he weathered from many powerful Martial Masters. "If I jump in and join the fight, I'll only prolong the inevitable and get myself killed." n/ô/vel/b//jn dot c//om

He wanted to succeed.

"Think." He closed his eyes.

Despite how much it hurt his brain, he simulated the most promising strategies in his mind to see the outcome.

Unfortunately, they all ended in failure.

Using Greater Phantomind Void to extract them from the battlefield and get them to safety: failure. He would be deeply damaged and they would most likely notice with how many Martial Masters were focused on their targets.

Trying to misdirect their attention away from their opponents, giving the latter enough time to escape was also a failure. There were some who still had their Martial Minds, even if barely a spark, active. That was enough to render all hypnosis and misdirection invalid.

Using his Mind Mask to feign being a Martial Sage was also something that he considered. Unfortunately, that tactic had become extremely well-known. The Sage-level powerhouses certainly knew about it because he had used the exact same strategy in the Serevian Dungeon War.

"Dammit…!" Rui cursed. A stream of ideas entered his mind, yet all of them were worthless.

Nothing worked.

He turned in Kane's direction with a grim expression.

The man's domain had been thoroughly eroded with the combined efforts of many Martial Masters who ensured that he wouldn't be able to activate it.

After that, it was just a matter of picking him apart slowly but surely.

Kane was bleeding profusely, panting heavily as he desperately evaded the attacks to the best of his ability.

Yet, his expression was severe.

Rui gritted his teeth as his eyes grew grave. "…To think that you would be thrust into this situation right after you reached the cusp of the Master Realm—!"

He froze as a final idea popped into his head.

"At the cusp of the Master Realm?" Rui's eyes widened. "Then…"

His eyes swam around as he simulated his idea.

"…Then what if I break him through, them through, to the Master Realm before he dies?"

He turned towards Kane, sweeping his gaze across the dying Martial Seniors.

"Right here, right now…" Rui murmured. "If he breaks through, then…"

Then they would be able to turn the tables around one last time.

There was only one catch.

"If I do this, then…" His expression grew severe, "they'll know that I am responsible for the breakthroughs."



Chapter 2241: Cost and Benefits

﻿

There was no way around the fact that if he chose to go with this strategy, he would be divulging the truth about his ability to trigger breakthroughs enmasse. Of course, he could try and pin his hopes on the possibility that the Sekigaharans would think it was just a coincidence, but it was way too reckless to put his trust in such a remote possibility.

He needed to accept that if he truly chose to save his friends, he would undoubtedly be sacrificing the secrecy of his abilities.

The consequences were not slight.

Once the world found out what he could do, he would be at a much higher level of danger than ever before.

If not for the fact that he was a Master, and a particularly powerful high-grade Martial Master at that, this sort of thing would have ruined his life. His power was just barely enough to ensure that this sort of secret didn't completely ruin his life.

After all, one did not mess with a Martial Master who was close to the peak of the Master Realm.

However, while he was relatively secure against Master-level forces, the same couldn't be said for Sage-level forces. He was screwed if he ever found himself before an enemy Martial Sage without any allied Sages around him.

"On top of that, I'm not protected by the laws of the Panamic Martial Federation anymore." Rui felt a headache coming up. "This means that I'm not protected by norms designed to protect Masters from Sages."

Sages were expected not to run around bullying Masters without due cause. A single Sage could wipe out many Masters if they really wanted to. However, this would cause immeasurable harm to Martial Art as a whole. Thus, it was frowned upon and restricted directly or indirectly.

Of course, war between nations was considered a valid cause, so the three Sage-level powerhouses were not limited by the Panamic Martial Federation even if Rui were a part of it. But it would have protected him from the rest of the Martial World, at least. Now he didn't have even that.

His expression grew grim as he thoroughly considered the consequences of this course of action.

They were not the worst thing in the world, but they were definitely unpleasant. If he had been a Martial Sage, he would have had the power needed to flaunt his abilities and get away with it, but as he was now, it was unwise to reveal what he could do to the rest of the world.

"But... am I really going to let Kane die?"

Was he really going to let Kane die because he didn't want to invite danger upon himself?

A resigned smile cracked at the edge of his mouth.

It wasn't even a question.

Yet, the answer taught him more about himself.

Previously, he would not have been sure what he would have chosen in this particular circumstance, but now he knew.

"I'm going to save Kane, no matter what."

Of course, just because he found a viable strategy didn't mean it was easy.

If anything, before worrying about the consequences of succeeding, he needed to worry about actually succeeding.

He needed to conduct a mass breakthrough in the middle of an intense battle, and he needed to ensure that he had gathered their focus at least once.

He also needed to make sure he didn't incur any attacks when breaking them through, otherwise he wouldn't be able to focus enough.

"Damn, this is not going to be easy, but if I can break even one of them through successfully, then I'm probably set."

As long as there was one Master on their side who could use their Martial Mind unhindered, it was possible for them to massacre the Sekigaharan Masters who, by now, were either entirely or almost entirely unable to use their Martial Minds.

It was possible for him to have his cake and eat it.

This way, everything would be just fine.

"Alright, I don't have much time, or rather, they don't, I need to get this done as soon as possible."

BADUMP!

His Martial Heart blazed into power as raw energy coursed through every cell in his body. As much as he would love to sit down and come up with plans, back-up plans, and back-up plans to back-up plans, he simply didn't have the chance to do this.

They could die at any moment.

WHOOSH!

Rui surged straight up, heading as far and as high as he could into the sky and beyond.

He pushed himself to the limit as he headed to the point that was directly above the three of his friends.

WHOOSH

He let himself fall, heading down as fast as possible.

If he straightforwardly approached this from his hiding spot, he would only invite enormous enemy attacks.

As he plummeted, he prepared his brain for one final usage of his system of thoughts. Of course he didn't dare to actually activate his Martial Mind; he needed to use just two or three systems of thought for just a short period of time.

He closed his eyes, meditating even as he free-fell from the sky.

'Empty your mind.'

He gathered his concentration.

He immersed himself in what was to come.

Bit by bit, all superfluous thoughts were rid.

Until it was time.

WHOOSH!n/ô/vel/b//jn dot c//om

"Hey, we have an incoming attacker from the sky!"

"Damn, did those Kandrian bastards send in another team to harass us?!"

"Take him out before he reaches us."

The Sekigaharans noticed his descent, turning some of their fire power away from the

wounded Seniors.

Kane, panting gravely, turned his gaze up to catch a glimpse of what they were looking at.

His eyes widened with shock.

He could recognize him anywhere.

He could recognize the concern and determination in his eyes.

He could recognize the reason he had come here.

"Hahaha..." He laughed weakly. "Rui? Man, get out of here-!"

He froze as a single whisper escaped Rui.

"Tree..." His eyes flared with determination. "... of Life."



Chapter 2242: Eternal Gratitude

﻿

Suddenly the world changed.

The Tree of Life, in its nigh infinite glory, altered the very fabric of heaven and earth within the depths of the minds of all those who beheld it.

In that moment, the world that cradled all life ceased to exist.

In its place, came Hell.

A true Hell, one that was different for each and every one of them.

Some were submerged in a world of fire.

Some were submerged in a world of ice.

Some were submerged in a world of extreme gravity.

It brought them suffering.

"ARGGHH!!"

"...Ack! Can't... breathe!"

"Rgh!!"

A world that was antithetical to their Martial Body.

Martial Artists had a strange place within the Tree of Life.

The system of thought that codified the evolutionary genetic chains that bound all life and the environments that were most optimal and, by extension, most antithetical to them

recognize each Martial Body as its own unique individual species.

In other words, every time a new Martial Apprentice ascended to the Squire Realm, a new species had been created.

After all, Martial Bodies were just super evolved human bodies.

Thus, within the Tree of Life, each Martial Artist was his or her own leaf stemming from the same branch that was the human species.

They each had their own antithetical environments that Rui could see as clear as day at all times due to the passively active system of thought.

The reason he didn't use the Tree of Life against Martial Masters as ubiquitously as he did against beasts and monsters was because the former did not just use their Bodies to fight. Martial Masters had Martial Art and Minds that were best countered by his other systems of thought.

The Tree of Life and the Yggdrasil System had been created to be most effective against those that relied on their raw and innate capabilities of their body and species. He had designated them to be used most when against beasts and monsters, because that was what they were meant for and best at.

However, when it came to breaking through Seniors, it still contributed by making the world antithetical to them in their minds, in addition to the other measures that were to be enacted.

Most particularly, he used the Tree of Life specifically because among the Seniors, there was one who primarily fought with his body rather than Art, had also developed a system of thought, and was eligible to break through.

Nel.

Nel froze in shock as the world around shifted from ordinary land and sky to a world of emptiness.

Everything was gone.

"Wha―!" Nel grew shocked as he tried to catch on to something, anything, to gain leverage so that he could deploy his physical abilities.

Yet, there was nothing.

He simply floated in infinite darkness.

A void.

He could see nothing, feel nothing, sense nothing.

It didn't matter how strong his body was.

It didn't matter that he was born with superhuman prowess.

It didn't matter that he had spent decades refining his physicality.

This was the world that was antithetical to his physicality.

It drove him to the verge of sanity.

Yet, that wasn't the worst of it.

Rui narrowed his eyes, ignoring the sharp pain in his head as he activated three predictive models that he had on the three of them, adding them to the Tree of Life hypnosis.

Suddenly, Nel froze as the darkness he was submerged in gathered into a single figure.

It condensed to form a head, a torso, and limbs.

The figure of darkness took a stance as its eyes flared with bloodlust.

Nel grinned. "Oh yeah? Bring it on, you little shit!"

The shadow figure surged forward as the two threw their most powerful blows.

WHOOSH!

Nel's eyes widened as the shadow figure easily evaded his attacks using Rui's predictive model before launching a blow at him.

BOOOM!

"Rgh! Dammit!" Nel flew spiraling as he struggled to regain any semblance of bodily balance

and stability.

The world continued to reject the meaning of his greatest gifts.

A world truly antithetical to him.

Meanwhile, Kane faced a different world.

A world very similar to the Speed Void domain in Rui's Yggdrasil System. One that refused to allow him to move, let alone move fast.

A world of light that rejected his Void Step, illuminating him as he tried to hide in the

shadows.

A world grounded to a current sink that drained every ounce of lightning he generated using a domain in an atmosphere that was chemically insulant and resistant to the flow of electricity.

A world that was antithetical to everything he had to offer.

He faced an even stronger opponent.

He faced the desire that drove him forward.

Rui himself.

"What... what're you doing here?" Kane narrowed his eyes as his gaze pinned Rui where he stood. "You just fought a long battle. I know you can't use your Martial Mind."

A smile emerged on Rui's face. "You're correct, I can't use my Martial Mind, but the question

is whether you will."

Kane's eyes widened.

BAM!!

"Rgh...!" Kane grimaced as Rui blasted him with an attack.n/o/vel/b//in dot c//om

"Get up." Rui's gaze grew severe. "You want to catch up to me, right? You want to reach me,

right? Well..."

Rui surged forward with powerful eyes. "You're going to do it right here and right now or die

trying."

In the real world, things were not going so great for Rui.

"GET HIM!"

"KILL HIM!"

"We need to break this illusion!"

BOOM BOOOM BOOM!!

Rui grimaced as he held on for dear life while working his breakthrough magic on all the

Martial Seniors.

"Did you forget why I'm called the Dawnbringer?" Rui's glare grew murderous. "Don't push me, unless you want to fight the Sun."

They froze as they remembered why they had ever sought to kill him early on in the battle in

the first place.

This was Rui's plan to buy himself as much time as he could before his friends could break

through. He needed to wait just long enough to ensure that their Martial Paths were on the verge of breaking, serving as a trigger for their breakthrough to the Master Realm.

He didn't need to wait long.

His eyes lit up with delight as he felt a Martial Mind blooming!

He could feel it clearly.

It was decent.

Yet, he could feel an unfathomable amount of refinement within it, much to his surprise.

"Nice, is it Nel or Kane-!"

His body froze with shock as he realized it was neither.

The truth dawned on him.

Yet, it was beyond even his ability to parse.

"No..." His voice grew shaky as he gazed at the Gatekeeper with aghast bewilderment.

"Impossible!"

For reasons beyond Rui's fathoming, he could sense an active Martial Mind deep within the

Gatekeeper's mind.

The strongest Senior was no more.

In his place, a Martial Master was born.

Sir Armstrong opened his eyes after what felt like an eternity, shifting his gaze to Rui.

A soft smile cracked at the edge of his mouth.

"You have my eternal gratitude, young man."



Chapter 2243  A Thoughtful Man



The Gatekeeper was thought to be a simple man.

A man who simply cultivated his Body without a care for the world.

A man who had once been the hero of Kandria but had faded into irrelevance upon the advent of the Reign of the Master Realm.

A man who sacrificed thought at the altar of physicality.

A man who forsook mind at the altar of Body.

A man who could never break through to the Master Realm.

They were wrong.

They were all wrong.

While it was true that the Gatekeeper did not think in battle, relying on his muscle memory and instinct instead, it was not true that he did not engage in the pursuit of thought.

The reason he had gained the reputation of being thoughtless even amongst those who knew him the best was because when he did think deeply, it was when he was in complete solitude.

The truth was that when it came to cultivating his Body and pursuing Physical Evolution, he thought more than almost any other Martial Artist.

He would often spend hours, days, and sometimes even weeks and months immersed in thought in isolation.

What was the most efficient training path for him?

What was the most effective training methodology for him?

What was the most effective avenue of training for him?

What was the best way to pursue his Martial Path of Physicality Evolution? n/o/vel/b//in dot c//om

These were questions that he dedicated his everything to answer.

He was not unwilling to harness the power of thought as everybody thought he was.

He was unwilling only to pursue thought for the sake of thought or for the sake of combat, or power.

However, what if he pursued thought for the sake of physicality?

What if he pursued mind for the sake of Body?

He was not unwilling to do that.

His ultimate goal, ambition, and purpose in life was Physical Evolution.

In order to fulfill it, he was willing to do whatever he needed to do.

Including harness thought.

Including creating a system of thought.

However, it wasn't so easy.

In order to create a system of thought to further Physicality Evolution, it would undoubtedly be a training system of thought. It would require him to master his understanding of the Martial Body, his Martial Body, in order to create a system of thought that would allow him to accelerate Physical Evolution.

It meant that he needed to gain an understanding of the human body on an extremely deep level.

He needed to understand the Martial Body at the smallest unit that constituted it.

And that was where he was stuck.

The understanding of the human body had not reached a level for him to create a powerful system of thought that could elevate his pursuit of Physical Evolution. Understanding of the human body below the tissue level was highly limited and nobody understood how cells functioned beyond incomplete hypotheses

After all, even the Martial Union was shocked by Rui's autophagy presentation.

Until the Martial Union gained a thorough understanding of the Martial Body at a subcellular level, Sir Armstrong would be resigned to relying on his instincts and experience, which were far more reliable that half-baked understanding of the human body.

That was until he met a man who possessed what he needed.

"Oh? You wish to learn about the human body from me to create a system of thought to help your Body evolve faster and stronger?" Clinical curiosity lit up in the cold eyes of the Divine Doctor. "I must say, this is a first for me. I have never had a Martial Artist seek knowledge from me. But…"

He gazed at Sir Armstrong with a frozen smile. "Why should I help you? Just because you asked me? Do you have any idea how many people have begged me to impart even a sliver of my knowledge? I refused all of them, so tell me…"

His cold smile widened. "Why shouldn't I reject you where you stand? Don't even think of trying to threaten me. Only a Martial Transcendent possesses the power to overcome my immortality."

Sir Armstrong narrowed his eyes.

He understood that he was being given a chance.

A first and last chance to make a case for gaining his aid.

"…I am not making a request," he began with a solemn voice. "I am offering you a trade. I heard you like experimenting on specimens that pique your curiosity."

BADUMP!!

The Divine Doctor's eyes lit up with even greater interest as the supernova that was the Gatekeeper's Martial Heart erupted in all its physical glory, demonstrating the astronomical power that he had cultivated over the span of half a millennium.

"My Martial Body is the greatest that humanity has ever produced, that I'm certain of. While there are others who also have dedicated themselves to their Bodies, most of them have compromised for technique, Mind, and other things. And even those who haven't have not cultivated their physicality for as long as I have." Sir Armstrong's voice left no room for doubt. "If you heed my request, I do not mind serving as your test subject."

"…Fascinating." The Divine Doctor's clinical curiosity grew even deeper.

That had happened ten years ago.

Seven of which happened in the manifold.

The Gatekeeper learned everything that the Divine Doctor deemed necessary or relevant for him to know in order for him to accomplish the goal he espoused to the latter.

He employed the principles of data science that were present in the voidlet techniques that Rui had developed in the creation of a training system of thought dedicated to Physical Evolution.

Even he was shocked at how absurdly powerful and effective his new system of thought was in its earliest iterations.

The quality of his training skyrocketed.

Within a year of his training of the completed system of thought in the seventh year in the manifold, his Body became twice as strong as before.

The Bodily Objective Development Yield System, or BODY System was highly effective.

The fact that the acronym was significant and relevant was, of course, just a coincidence.

Regardless, it was his nascent and now active Martial Mind.

There was just one issue.

"My Martial Mind is exclusively dedicated to training," the Gatekeeper told Rui with a calm voice. "It cannot aid me in combat. I do not possess the power of a Martial Master despite having broken through to the Master Realm for now. However, I can help you buy time."

The Gatekeeper returned to the offensive upon those words.

BOOOM!!!

The tables had yet to turn.



Chapter 2244  Barricading Power



The Gatekeeper's words jolted Rui out of a shocked stupor.

"A system of thought dedicated to training outside combat?" Rui's eyes widened. "That's incredible!"

He had never known that such a thing was even possible. However, it appeared that the Martial Mind did not discriminate between different purposes of thought as long as it was directly in the service of the Martial Path.

It was remarkably impressive to Rui that the Gatekeeper had managed to come up with a system of thought that empowered his Physical Evolution itself.

"But…it makes sense," he realized. "I didn't sense him using any system of thought thus far in the battle. Furthermore, even his sudden spike in the growth of his Martial Body makes sense. It all adds up—"

"Focus," the Gatekeeper's deep voice was calm. "Do not get distracted by your endless fascination of Martial Art. The slightest bit of carelessness will get you killed."

Rui nodded with a severe expression as he turned his full concentration towards trying to break the Martial Seniors through. He needed just one other Martial Master to break through; if what the Gatekeeper had told him was true, then he was, for the time being, the weakest Martial Master in existence, one who wasn't even in the Realm as far as combat power went.

Rui was sure that given time and the manifold, the Gatekeeper would become a force to reckon with very soon. However, for the time being, he was resigned to taking over Rui's role in combat.

"Fuuu…" The Gatekeeper exhaled heavily as he narrowed his eyes, activating his Martial Mind.

He knew that it wouldn't do for him what it did for other Martial Minds by its very nature. The efficiency boost that Martial Masters made was combat-oriented because their systems of thought themselves were combat-oriented. His wasn't. Thus, the only utility that the Martial Mind offered to him was his senses.

"Kill them!"

"Kill the Dawnbringer!"

"Stop this nasty hypnosis!"

A barrage of attacks had already converged upon Rui in an attempt to get him to stop his Tree of Life illusion.

"I'm afraid not." The Gatekeeper's tone was unyielding.

BOOOM BOOOM BOOOM!! n/ô/vel/b//jn dot c//om

He pushed himself to the limit as he pushed himself to the limit, intercepting their Martial Art with his full power.

BOOOOOOM!!!

An enormous shockwave spread throughout the battlefield as he pushed himself to the very limit.

"Tsk, kill that stubborn oaf!"

Meanwhile, the efforts of the Sekigaharans heightened, as did their confusion.

They truly were confused.

They were in the middle of the process of killing the Kandrian Martial Seniors when the Dawnbringer fell from the sky out of nowhere and cast a powerful hypnosis on all of them.

And then, the Gatekeeper, notorious for having stubbornly clung to physical pursuit, suddenly broke through to the Master Realm.

And then, the Gatekeeper, notorious for having stubbornly clung to physical pursuit, suddenly broke through to the Master Realm.

It was an inconceivable sequence of events.

Yet, it had happened nonetheless.

"Wait…" One of them realized. "This is too much of a coincidence. This illusion…"

His eyes widened. "Could it be that the reason that the Gatekeeper broke through, the reason that the Dawnbringer even came to the battlefield, was to trigger the breakthroughs?"

They froze when that thought was voiced.

Didn't that mean that the Void Prince was responsible for breakthroughs all along?

The interim leader of the Sekigaharan Master let out a gruesome, malevolent grin.

"KILL THE DAWNBRINGER AT ALL COSTS!"

They had already noticed that despite breaking through to the Master Realm, the Gatekeeper hadn't grown too much stronger; he was still very much within their capabilities to handle despite the fact that all their Martial Minds had run out of stamina.

BOOOM BOOOM BOOOM!!!

Yet, despite the onslaught, the Gatekeeper did yield to his enemies. His Martial Mind massively empowered his perception and senses, yet unlike how it was for most Martial Masters, the Gatekeeper did not experience a massive boost in his perception of the outer world.

No.

Instead, his perception of self was massively empowered. His ability to sense his own body had skyrocketed immensely. He could see each and every individual that constituted his microcosm of Martial Body. He could peer into the depths of each of every single one of them and observe the molecular processes that sustained life itself.

He could see the flow of blood and the flow of energy in his nervous system.

He could see everything there was to see about his Martial Body.

In an instant, he could see everything he needed to do when he got back home to elevate his Martial Body to a higher dimension of power.

BOOOM!!!

The Sekigaharan Masters grimaced as a powerful shockwave swept them away.

"Nothing will impede us today." The Gatekeeper's powerful voice was fierce. "Not even your lives."

Unfortunately for the Sekigaharan, although it wasn't overwhelmingly significant, the Gatekeeper had undoubtedly grown stronger. He had become even more of a quasi-Master level monster who could not be touched by anything short of a full-fledged Martial Master.

There was no such thing amongst the Sekigaharans at that point.

"If you retreat now, there's a good chance we will not pursue." Sir Armstrong declared. "However, should you choose to continue and fight, you may very well overcome me, but only at the cost of many of your Martial Masters."

RUMBLE…!

The Sekigaharans stiffened as the Gatekeeper flared his immense power.

Unfortunately, the deterrence was not strong enough; it certainly would have been if he had been as strong as a Martial Master. But, his current power level was not devastating in the face of many dozens of rejuvenated Martial Masters.

Especially when he was already very injured before breaking through.

Furthermore, the prize was too great. The moment they became convinced that Rui was responsible for the mass breakthroughs, they just had to kill him.

After all, one of the main reasons that the Sekigahara Confederate waged a war against the Kandrian Empire was the breakthroughs that massively increased the populations of Martial Artists at each Realm, a power that threatened to elevate Kandria far above them.

-



Chapter 2245: All-Out

﻿

With the source of the breakthrough right there, how could they ignore him and retreat, especially when he was only protected by one Martial Senior while the rest were in his hypnosis?

They couldn't.

They would probably never get a chance like this ever again.

The battle between the Gatekeeper and the Martial Masters raged on as Rui focused exclusively on breaking at least one more Martial Senior through.

Unfortunately, he wasn't doing too well.

"Huff...huff..." He panted heavily as he closed his eyes, struggling to keep the hypnosis going. "Dammit."

It was overwhelming.

It felt like his brain was stinging unbearably.

If this was how much it hurt to just use hypnosis and his systems of thought without actually using his Martial Mind, then he couldn't help but wonder how bad it would be if he activated his Martial Mind.

He was not interested in finding out.

"Come on." He at the hypnotized Martial Seniors with grave hope. "You're at the cusp. You can do it."

They were all peak-grade Martial Seniors; Rui was certain that they had the chance to break through.

He and the Gatekeeper needed to hold out until then.

Meanwhile, Kane fought Rui with everything he had.

CRACK CRACK CRACK!!

The air sparked as it tingled with faint peril.

"Finally going all out are you?" Rui smiled.

Within the illusion, Rui projected an image of power.

"I need to, if I have any hopes of beating you," Kane's eyes narrowed, "of catching up to you."

His demeanor grew solemn and severe.

Yet, it only brought about melancholy within Rui.

Kane had grown more serious after Rui broke through to the Master Realm and once more put a Realm of difference between them. The gap between them had forced him to take his path to a higher Realm much more seriously and dedicate all his time and energy to it.

He tended to become more light-hearted and relaxed after he caught up to Rui.

Rui knew because it had happened three times in the past when he broke through to the Squire Realm, Senior Realm, and Master Realm.

He tended not to care about reaching a higher Realm all that much until Rui broke through to

it.

CRACK CRACK CRACK!!

His lightning domain roared in its full might as bolts of lightning converged upon him with full power. Rui observed with a hint of admiration as Kane gently harnessed them, roping them upon his body as he clad himself with lightning itself.

In Kane's case, he had decided that it was sub-optimal to use the Tree of Life to produce an environment that hard-countered him physically.

Unlike Nel and the Gatekeeper, he didn't heavily rely on his constitution.

If Rui wanted to break him through to the Master Realm, it would only be through actual combat.

"Here I come!" Kane narrowed his eyes as he surged forward with incredible speed. WHOOSH!

In the blink of an eye, he arrived before Rui at immense speed.

"Speed Void."

WHOOSH!

Rui managed to evade his attack, hampering with drag of his domain. Ordinarily, he would have also hindered him with Temporal Disharmony to lower his speed further. However, that technique was largely ineffective against Kane.n/o/vel/b//in dot c//om

The old Fulminata Godspeed alone made it quite ineffective by amplifying his reflexes and instincts to a great degree. However, the domain took it much further, meaning that using the Hypnomatrix in this circumstance was simply a waste of energy.

However, Speed Void, in and of itself, was not enough to kill his speed advantage with his own domain, which sped him much faster than Speed Void slowed him down.

WHOOSH WHOOSH WHOOSH!

Rui relied on his predictive and SOUL models to evade all his extraordinarily fast attacks one after another. If not for the fact that these were both pre-made, he wouldn't have been able to handle Kane's speed without at least Neo-Godspeed.

On top of that, he couldn't afford to get hit by Kane's attacks.

SPLAT SPLAT!

Rui narrowed his eyes as two cuts appeared on his arms.

Kane had reached a level of speed and agility that was so high that his daggers had become arcs of pure destruction, tearing apart at anything that was unfortunate to emerge in the way of his attacks.

Unfortunately, Rui knew Kane too well. Despite the astronomical speed gap between them, Kane could not even force Rui to use his Metabody System due to how refined his models on

were.

"Hah, cheater!" Kane complained.

"Life isn't fair." Rui snorted, evading a lethal attack as he surged in, throwing a powerful Flowing Canon at Kane.

WHOOSH!

Kane effortlessly evaded with his astronomically heightened reflexes; it didn't even come close to hurting him.

It was within Rui's prediction as a second blow had already arrived at Kane's dodging maneuver even before he did.

WHOOSH!

Kane evaded that as well.

"Tsk," Rui grew more serious as he found himself struggling to touch Kane so much in his current state.

His reflexes were so great that while he found it exceedingly difficult to land a single hit on Rui, the reverse was even more true. Despite the extraordinary might of both the VOID and SOUL models working against him, in addition to the Speed Void holding him back, Kane was

impossible to touch where he stood.

"Well, I'll be damned." Rui grinned.

The whole mechanism of the breakthrough was to use his Martial Art to bring his targets on the verge of having their paths cracked, by overwhelming adaptively evolving to them. However, if his opponent was strong enough, then it was possible that Kane wouldn't suffer

any threat to his Martial Path.

And Kane was strong.

Far stronger than he could have ever imagined.

Not only was his new domain extraordinary, but its synergy with Kane was even greater, leading to an outcome that far exceeded what Rui would have expected from him. At his

current level of power, Rui wasn't sure he could beat Kane without going absolutely all out.

RUMBLE...!

Kane's eyes widened as Rui activated the Metabody System.

"Alright them, all out it is."



Chapter 2246  Too Weak And Too Strong



"Fuuu…" Rui exhaled heavily as he activated Neo Godspeed.

"You know that your variant of Godspeed doesn't compare to my True Fulminata Godspeed," Kane took his stance. "Is that what you're calling it?" Rui smiled. "That's an apt name, even if simple. After all, this technique was based on your natural state in the Thundering Valley. Regardless, you're right. My Neo Godspeed is pitiful in comparison to your current state, but have you forgotten, Kane?"

Rui grinned as the air grew more perilous.

"I don't need to be as fast as my opponents to handle them."

Kane sharpened his eyes as Rui surged him with much greater speed than before.

WHOOSH!

Kane lightly side-stepped the blow, shooting forward as his daggers converged upon Rui without so much as a hint of hesitation.

WHOOSH!

Kane's eyes widened as Rui disappeared.

A feint.

They crashed into an empty image as the real Rui threw a powerful Yin-Yang Spear from behind him.

"It's over."

Except, it wasn't.

WHOOSH!

Rui grew stunned as it was his attack that crashed into an empty image this time, a feint from the Phantom Step technique. Both of them had mastered the technique many years ago, and both of them had come to develop a deep proficiency with the technique over a long period of time.

However, as Rui came to realize, Kane was a lot more compatible with Rui. Kane appeared before him in a blinding blur as his daggers surged toward Rui with immense speed. WHOOSH!

It crashed into an empty image as Rui appeared from his side, throwing an extraordinarily powerful blow, only to run into another feint.

WHOOSH!

Kane surged with a swift blade swing.

WHOOSH!

WHOOSH!

WHOOSH!

A strange dynamic emerged in the battle as the two men began throwing attacks, only for them to crash into feints one after another. Kane leveraged the technique to try and mitigate Rui's boost in speed from the Neo Godspeed technique quite well.

Thus, even though the speed from the Metabody System combined with his systems of thought and the nerf to Kane's speed with Speed Void, Kane was able to keep extremely well. Yet, Rui knew that it was not that they were truly equal in combat, for only one of them could maintain this level of combat power for long.

And it was not Kane.

"Huff…Huff…" Kane panted heavily, momentarily pausing the battle.

"This level of output is quite sustainable for me, Kane," Rui remarked. "After consuming the Sandflower Nectar Potion, I can maintain this level of combat quite comfortably. But that domain of yours…"

CRACK CRACK CRACK!

Rui glanced around at the lightning bolts that converged upon Kane, sustaining his True Fulminata Godspeed. "Even if you consume a stamina-augmenting potion, you won't be able to sustain this kind of output for too long; your Martial Body is most certainly not geared towards stamina or large amounts of energy reserves. In other words…"

His gaze returned to Kane. "…You cannot win this battle."

Of course, Rui had to admit, he was deeply impressed. The True Fulminata Godspeed elevated Kane's combat power to a level that was very close to what Rui had achieved as a Martial Senior before breaking through to the Master Realm. In fact, in his current state, Kane was qualified to take on the chimera that Rui had fought in the Mellow Manifold.

Rui couldn't believe that despite the massive advantages he had over Kane, such as the knowledge from another world and an extraordinary mind that went through a second stage of massive growth, the latter was still able to somehow follow in the lofty footsteps that Rui had left behind.

He was a true genius, one who had driven himself to agonous lengths to catch up to the monster that was Rui.

The fact that he had managed to keep victory from Rui despite the latter using most of his Martial Art was a testament to the power he had accrued, matching Rui, trump card for trump card.

The astronomical reflexes of the True Fulminata Godspeed allowed him to neutralize not only Temporal Disharmony but also allowed Kane to avoid getting dominated by the powerful predictive and SOUL models that Rui had on him.

So what if Rui could see the future?

So what if Rui could sense his intent?

Rui's motion was so slow in the face of Kane's highly augmented reflexes that he could probably evade the former's full speed an inch away from his face. They were so great that they were not too far below the reaction speed of a Martial Master. n/ô/vel/b//jn dot c//om

In the face of such fast reflexes, Rui's movements without his Martial Mind may as well have been frozen. The only shortcoming was that it, too, couldn't allow Kane to touch Rui either, for his insight into his opponents was too great.

On top of that, Rui couldn't afford to get hit by his lethal dagger attacks, forcing him to play a game of evasion against Kane, something Kane was far better at than Rui, as it was his forte.

"Truly impressive," he heaved a sigh of admiration. "But this is where it ends, Kane."

Rui had finished updating his out-of-date predictive model with the most recent changes Kane's fighting style had undergone, doubling the confidence intervals of the statistical model and the depths to which he could foresee the future.

VMMM!!!

His power roiled violently as he activated the Yin-Yang Spear. "Breathing Crucifix."

Rui cruelly choked his gasping friend with a powerful hypnosis, refusing to let him recuperate.

CRACK CRACK!!

The domain shuddered, growing weaker as his heaven-bending was greatly hampered.

"Haha…" A weak laugh escaped Kane as he fell to one knee.

To think he still felt short of reaching Rui after the maddening training that he had been through in the past seven years.

STEP

Rui walked towards him slowly, heaving a sigh. "How unfortunate. You're too weak to defeat me but too strong to have your path broken by me, depriving yourself of the opportunity to break through. Ah, well, I guess I'll just have to pin my hopes on Nel. For now…"

His expression hardened, "go to sleep."

He arrived before Kane with a heavy gaze, lifting his fist up, ready to knock Kane out.

However, by the time he sensed the danger, it was too late.

CRACK CRACK CRACK!!

A surge of lightning converged upon Kane as his daggers shot forward toward Rui in the flash of an eye.

"Fulminata Voidspeed."

BOOOOM!!!

The battle was not over yet.

-



Chapter 2247  Broken



Kane knew that he couldn't beat Rui.

Even with the Realm of Thunder domain massively amplifying his reflexes, he knew that he would most likely fall short of actually defeating for the first time in decades.

And he was proven to be right.

He was able to match Rui in the hypnotic combat zone that Rui projected in his mind. However, it required a level of exertion that was fundamentally unsustainable to someone who didn't have high energy reserves and whose energy consumption was supposed to be low as an evasive, maneuvering-oriented Martial Artist.

However, he knew that there were some minor circumstances in which he could pull a victory. One of them was when Rui was off-guard.

He saved his greatest trump card for the very end.

The simultaneous activation of Void Step and Fulminata integrated together by a system of thought that allowed him to fuse the speed and reflexes of the former to amplify the latter.

The Void Step technique was a grade ten stealth technique, one that relied on a maneuvering-derived misdirection. It functioned by misdirecting one's attention in the opposite direction that one maneuvered; the faster one was, the greater the stealth effect. n/o/vel/b//in dot c//om

So what if he could use the speed of his True Fulminata Godspeed to further amplify the stealth effect of the Void Step technique seamlessly and smoothly?

That was one of the projects he set out to accomplish after Rui broke through to the Master Realm.

It took seven years to master the fusion and a system of thought that compensated for his lagging conscious reactions with a system of thought specifically designed to allow him to fluidly wield the two greatest halves of his Shadow Wind Style Martial Art.

The result?

An extraordinary technique that allowed him to cross the vast expanses between Realms for just a moment, depleting almost all his remaining stamina in the blink of an eye. One that he had yet to entirely succeed in pulling off.

One that demanded more power than he possessed in the Senior Realm.

He had waited the entire battle.

He had waited the entire battle for the moment when Rui made the blunder of lowering his guard down. And then the moment came. Kane summoned every ounce of his remaining power as his eyes grew bloodshot from the sheer amount of strain his mind experienced.

"True Fulminata Godspeed."

Rui instinctively leaped with shock as he felt unfathomable peril emerging from his best friend.

But it was too late.

In that moment, Kane didn't just harness lightning.

No.

He became lightning.

WHOOSH!!!!!

He disappeared.

For a moment, he disappeared from all of heaven and earth, surging forward at astronomical speeds forbidden within the Senior Realm. His dagger flashed forward, fiercely driven by Kane's intense will not to be left behind by his friend. A will that pushed him past him beyond his limits.

STEP

He arrived behind Rui with a silent grace in the blink of an eye.

For a moment, nothing happened.

"Hahaha…" A weak laugh escaped Rui as a smile emerged on his face. "Congratulations, you did it."

SPLAT!!!!!

Rui's illusionary severed head fell off as a fountain of blood erupted from his neck. Kane's daggers had cleanly decapitated him in a timeframe so short that even Rui's illusionary body had been late in realizing it. The illusion quickly disappeared as the battle came to an end.

An overwhelming victory.

Yet, it wasn't his victory that Rui had congratulated him on.

No.

He congratulated him on something much more significant.

Kane opened his eyes as he beheld the world for what felt like the first time.

He saw reality itself, stripped from all its veils of mystery.

He bore witness to heaven and earth itself to the depths of their being, comprehending forces beyond comprehension.

A world beyond a world.

His gaze swept beyond the material world as he witnessed the fabric of space and time contort and stretch under the weight of materia.

His senses stretched in all dimensions of the world, allowing him to peer at its roots and its vast expanses.

Time slowed down to a crawl in his eyes as his thoughts surged, reaching realms of power he didn't know was possible. This was the power of the Martial Mind.

"So this…" A faint murmur escaped him, 'is the Master Realm."

It was surreal.

A comfortable sensation of power that Kane felt like he could lose himself in forever.

Yet, the world demanded his attention.

Suddenly, he became aware of his immediate surroundings.

He became aware of his immediate circumstances.

In the distance ahead of him, the Gatekeeper singlehandedly held off a hoard of Martial Masters by his lonesome as he unleashed an onslaught of power that kept them where they were while he weathered his attacks where he stood.

Yet, they gazed at Kane with fear, having sensed his Martial Mind awakening and were on the verge of retreat. He fully intended to repay them for what they had done to him in the prior battle, yet there were more important things to Kane.

THUD

Rui fell flat to the ground, heaving a deep sigh, immediately drawing Kane's attention and alarm.

"Hey." Kane's powerful voice was calm and composed. "Are you okay?"

"Yeah…" Rui's winced as he closed his bloodshot eyes. "I'm just tired as hell."

Kane gazed at him in a calm silence.

"Thank you."

His voice was deep with sincere gratitude.

Frankly, if Rui wasn't there, he didn't know if he would have been able to break through to the Master Realm. Words could not begin to describe how indebted he was to Rui.

Rui shook his head. "I didn't break you through. You broke yourself through; I just gave you the opportunity. I guess…"

He turned to Kane with knowing eyes, "…you really want to catch up to me, huh?"

Kane smiled wryly. "Well…" Rui heaved a tired sigh as his eyelids grew heavy. "You're here now, so go kick some ass. I think I'll get some long-awaited sleep."

Kane's gaze shifted towards the enemy Martial Masters that had already begun retreating.

"You bet."

-



Chapter 2248  Manhunt



The moment the Masters sensed a second breakthrough in the Master Realm, they knew that there was no hope that they would be able to kill the Void Prince. The mission was a failure in every sense of the word.

They had failed to attack Kandria.

They had failed to defend their honor, suffering losses and casualties to a bunch of Martial Seniors.

They had failed to kill the Dawnbringer.

Now, they could only grit their teeth and run away a second time.

"Retreat!" The interim leader bellowed to his fellow Masters as he glanced at the kneeling Kane with fear. "Get out of here while his attention is still away from us!"

The Sekigaharan Masters grew grim as they clenched with rage and frustration.

Yet, what choice did they have?

They could not fight a proper Master in their current state.

They swiftly abandoned the onslaught on the Gatekeeper before turning around and running away, hoping to get home as soon as possible. In just the blink of an eye, they were many kilometers away.

Alas, Kane wasn't merciful enough to let them get away scot-free.

"You're going nowhere."

Chills began crawling down their spines as Kane's powerful voice reached all of them.

WHOOSH!

In the blink of an eye, he arrived before them, impeding their path as he drew, activating his Martial Mind at full power as he surged forward with unimaginable speed.

At that moment, Kane ceased to be as his very existence seemed to change as his Martial Embodiment.

The shadow of lightning.

That was what his victims saw before he butchered them.

SPLAT SPLAT SPLAT!!!

His daggers became arcs of death as he hunted them down with overwhelming speed and lethality. Nothing could impede the destruction they unleashed upon their target. Nothing could impede the Shadow of Lightning that flashed from one victim after another.

"AAAARRRGH!!!"

SPLAT SPLAT SPLAT!

Kane shredded a Martial Master before him while his cold gaze turned to the ones that desperately escaped from him.

Their fates were sealed.

"ARGHR!!!"

"RGGGHHH!!!"

"NO, STO—AARGHAR!!!"

That day, the screams of agony and the silence of death echoed throughout the entire region.

One after another.

It didn't matter where they hid.

It didn't matter where they ran.

It didn't matter what they did.

Kane found them and bestowed death upon them.

A feat so significant that it would go on to become Kane's new epithet. Kane the Reaper.

His sparkled with bloodlust as he resolved not to let a single one of them live.

Not just because he wanted to get revenge for putting him through what they did but also because he knew that he couldn't allow them to get away alive after seeing Rui break not just one but two Martial Seniors to the Master Realm within a relatively short amount of time.

He knew that Rui would be in a lot of danger if he let them get away.

His eyes steeled with bloodlust as he fought with every ounce of power he could wield. He had already been quite tired and hurt prior, but he wasn't tired to the point where his Martial Heart and Mind were waning.

He could easily consume a potion and continue fighting with his Martial Mind if he truly wanted.

Pursuing the escaping Martial Masters was not nearly as easy as he expected it to be.

They split up, dispersing across the entire region as they pursued different routes.

The sheer amount of distance that each individual Martial Master could travel, even without their Mind, in a single second was unimaginable. With each Master headed off in their own direction, Kane needed to pursue them, kill them, identify the closest other Martial Master, and then hunt them down as well.

It was tough work, but Kane fulfilled it quite well.

"Huff…Huff…" Many Sekigaharan Masters eventually found themselves atop a certain mountain as they gazed around themselves with shock.

"Is...Is this how few of us there are left?"

A meager twenty-seven had managed to escape the Shadow of Lightning that pursued them as they arrived at the rendezvous point with the Martial Sages.

"Damn…!" The interim leader cursed as his eyes grew bloodshot with rage. "Damn it all…!"

The operation was a horrific nightmare of a fiasco. Never had he imagined that they would suffer such a horrific failure in this operation. Such a thing had never happened in the history of the Sekigahara Confederate.

"Where…" A choked voice emerged from one of the Masters around them. "Where did it all go wrong?"

A chilling silence overtook them all as they found themselves revisiting the entire battle.

"From the start…" one of them gritted their teeth as they clenched their fists, "…everything went wrong." n/o/vel/b//in dot c//om

For one, the Kandrian Empire had far more Martial Masters on standby than they had expected.

Somehow, they managed to get another twenty or thirty extra Martial Masters to break through in time for the Sekigaharan assault, massively reducing the numeric advantage that the Sekigaharans had over them.

"It's the damned brat…" The interim leader's voice grew murderous. "He must have broken them through."

Yet, that wasn't all.

"They were strong."

It was painful to admit, but it was true. In hindsight, the Masters of the Kandrian Empire proved to be impressively powerful, able to fight with not just numeric disadvantages but also the disadvantage of needing to protect the Kandrian Empire.

It didn't make sense how a smaller force was able to neutralize a larger force despite facing such disadvantages.

"Are we…weaker?" The question was shocking even to them.

The Sekigahara Confederate considered itself to have the strongest Martial Artists due to how much war they refined themselves through.

Yet, today, they were confronted with unshakable proof that the Martial Masters of the Kandrian Empire were just superior.

"We need to make it home alive no matter what…!" He gritted his teeth. "We need to tell everyone about the crucial secret that the Dawnbringer is responsible for the breakthroughs…!"

"I'm afraid that's not happening."

SPLAT SPLAT!

The Sekigaharan Master slowly gazed down, finding two daggers sticking out of his chest.

He died before he could feel the fear that the others felt.

-



Chapter 2249  Going Nowhere



"I told you, didn't I?" Kane's cold, murderous voice sent chills up their spine. "You're going nowhere."

WHOOSH!

In the blink of an eye, he had already reached his next victim.

SPLAT!

In a swift maneuver, he decapitated them, moving on to his other victims one after another.

SPLAT SPLAT SPLAT!!!

In less than a second, twenty-six Martial Masters died.

"Monster…!" the Sekigaharan Master's eyes grew grave.

Kane surged to him as his daggers shot forward to kill him.

And then, he froze.

He froze.

He froze as a horrifying bloodlust swept over him.

RUMBLE!

He froze as the heaven and earth themselves contorted under the weight of nine Martial Sages.

Nine enemy Martial Sages.

Raw terror filled his eyes as the wrath of the Martial Sages of the Sekigahara Confederate converged upon him while the lone surviving Master of the Master-level force leaped away to his superiors with desperate relief.

"How dare you?"

Gone was the composed nonchalance of the Sage Shinken.

At that moment, an unfathomable fury beyond anything Kane could even begin to comprehend appeared on the face of the enemy Martial Sage.

A single command escaped him.

"Die."

RUMBLE!!!

Heaven and earth roared in agony as the horrifying power of a Martial Sage converged upon Kane.

Yet, fate had reserved his departure from life for another day.

"Only a maggot targets the son of the man he couldn't defeat."

Kane's eyes widened as a familiar figure appeared before him, shielding him from the unfathomable power of a Martial Sage.

BOOOOOOOOOOOMMMMM!!!!!

Sage Shinken's eyes widened as the Devil himself intercepted the devastating attack he had unleashed upon Kane. "…Father?" A single whisper escaped his son as he beheld the man he feared most protecting.

Sage Damian met the shocked gaze of his son from the corner of his eyes.

"You did well."

Kane's eyes widened with shock as he detected unabashed pride in his father's voice. There was no chastising, or grumbling, or berating.

Just pride.

It brought warmth to the depths of his heart.

"Damian…" Sage Shinken shivered with rage. "You dare…"

A wide grin oozing with contempt and malice appeared on the Devil's face. "What's the matter? Did I irk you?"

"YOU DARE!?"

RUMBLE!!!

The world shook under the wrath of a peak-grade Sage.

The Devil bore the bloodlust of nine Sages, yet he didn't so much as flinch. If anything, he only grew more excited.

"You were foolish to come here," Sage Senpu gritted his teeth as he tried suppressing his fear. "You cannot fight the nine of us by yourself. Especially when your condition is much worse than ou—"

"Shut up, you little shit." Sage Damian grinned wider. "I may die, but…"

A horrifying, blood-curdling bloodlust emerged from him, giving chills to eight of the nine Martial Sages.

"…but I'm confident I can kill at least five of you weaker maggots before I die."

Their expressions grew grave as they saw the maniacal malice that consumed his eyes.

"So what's it going to be?" His bloodlusted smile widened as far as it could, crumpling his face. Sage Shinken gritted his teeth as his rage only grew.

He could fight Damian head-on with no issue, yet he wasn't sure that he could protect his peers before Damian got to them. He was a static defensive Martial Artist who fought only for himself with a selfish Martial Art that didn't care for others around him.

The others were even more hesitant.

Their fear of the Devil of the Kandrian Empire was very real. They wanted nothing to do with him, ever.

Furthermore, by their standards, they weren't very far from the Kandrian Empire. There was an extremely high chance that the other Martial Sages of the Kandrian Empire would detect the battle and come running to aid their friend.

In other words, it would easily be the trigger for the second Sage-level battle.

However, they were too exhausted to go through another battle.

If they exhausted the power that their Martial Heart provided, they would be rendered extremely weak and vulnerable, potentially being weakened enough to be assassinated by Martial Masters as they retreated to the Sekigahara Confederate.

That could not be allowed to happen.

Perhaps in other circumstances, they would have been in the mind to risk it, but not this time.

After all, this risk had actually happened against their Martial Masters.

They pushed it for too long, weakening themselves too much until they were hunted by the Martial Seniors of the Kandrian Empire.

Could they be allowed to take the same risk?

Sage Shinken clenched his fists as he struggled to suppress the sheer amount of frustration he felt boiling up.

"…Retreat." A single whisper escaped him as he turned around.

The Sekigaharan Sages gritted their teeth with helpless resignation and shame as they turned their backs on a lone, wounded, and exhausted Martial Sage heading back home, taking home the lone surviving Master of the war with them.

"Fucking maggots." Sage Damian snorted, ensuring they heard his words. "Bunch of spineless wimps. My son has more balls than all of you combined, you hear?!" n/ô/vel/b//jn dot c//om

They were all but gone.

"…I dunno if that's true, father." Kane heaved a sigh of relief as he finally stopped feeling like he was at death's door, gazing at his father with a dubious expression. "Like my Martial Art is literally about running away."

"Which is why they should be ashamed for being even more spineless than you are," Damian grumbled with derision. "Still…"

His attention returned to his son.

He grinned, nodding as he sized up his son as a Martial Master. "Not bad. Not bad, indeed. You've broken through to a far higher grade in the Master Realm than any other Master I know of, except for him, of course."

He snorted at the thought of the man who his son chased after. "Still, you've got some ways to go before you can match him. That one is a monster."

Kane lit up at those words.

His father rarely complimented anyone, and even when he did, he usually offered the bare minimum.

"Heh, Rui is the best."

"Hmph, don't be proud of another man's achievements."

"I'm a man. Aren't you proud of my achievements?"

"That doesn't count! Also, who said I'm proud?!"

Father and son bantered as they headed back home.

And thus, the battle between the Sekigahara Confederate and the Kandrian Empire finally came to an end.

-



