Chapter 2320: You'll have to do better than that

﻿

Rui's eyes flashed with power as his Martial Mind surged, activating the Angel of Laplace.

Ordinarily, applying the deeply data-intensive system of thought to more than a dozen Martial Masters at once was too much.

However, with the power of his Mind-Metabody, it was already over.

In the blink of an eye, he created predictive models for all of them. His gaze shifted to the Master charging at him with an incoming blow.

He shifted ever so slightly at precisely the right moment.

WHOOSH

The fist missed him a hair's length.

Yet, four more attacks converged on him from four different Masters.

All it took was the slightest shifts across his entire body-

WHOOSH WHOOSH WHOOSH WHOOSH

Much to the shock of the four Masters, he slipped past all of their attacks with buttery smoothness.

He made it look easy.

His heightened cognition allowed him to do a much better job with picking the right moment and degree of evasion to minimize energy consumption. Without the cognition thanks to the fusion of Martial Mind and the Mind-Metabody, he wouldn't have been able to exercise such an incredible level of precision and accuracy. He was in an extremely energy-intensive state at the moment; he couldn't afford to consume too much energy.

Techniques like the Yin-Yang Spear were out of the question.

He simply sought to accustom himself to his current circumstances as best as possible so that the discovery period of fighting with the Mind-Metabody was completed in training rather than in real combat.

WHOOSH WHOOSH WHOOSH!

The onlookers grew stunned as Rui began evading attacks better and better with each passing second. He realized that the additional cognition helped him in more ways than just one. It didn't just increase his capacity; it allowed him to do more with less.

This had always been the case, when he thought about it.

It was why Apprentices were able to perform superhuman feats despite having human bodies. Their cognition enabled them to maximize efficiency to superhuman levels, allowing them to produce an output that greatly surpassed the limits of human power.

While the boost in cognition from the lesser version of the Mind-Metabody was most certainly not comparable to the proportional boost that the Apprentice Realm provided, it was still immensely powerful, allowing him to unearth even greater potential in his power that had remained untapped before this.

Yet, that wasn't all it was able to do.

WHOOSH

Rui evaded a powerful and swift blow as he surged forward with a balled fist.

"I can see your SOUL."

His power had indeed reduced, yet what had increased was how well he used it.

The right attack at the right point in space and time.

It was a quintessential cornerstone of Adaptive Evolution.

BOOOM!!!

The knuckle on Rui's fist found itself buried in his opponent's solar plexus, inflicting immense damage on the man's gut, knocking him down, and leaving him gasping for air.

The other Masters stared at Rui in shock as he effortlessly downed a high-grade Martial Master with ease.

He didn't even use any powerful, flashy striking technique either.

No, he had simply exploited the narrowest of gaps in space and timing to produce incredibly significant outcomes that could only otherwise happen if one got lucky.

"If you don't go all out, you'll lose."

Rui's words struck them hard.

His gaze swept across all of them.

"I am not weak enough that I can be defeated by anything less than your absolute best."

There was just one problem.

One Master scratched his head.

"But we aren't holding back."

Rui heaved a sigh. "Then, so be it."

WHOOSH!

He rushed at them with the limited speed that he was constrained to, employing Parallel Walk, Gale Force Breathing, and Outer Convergence.

BAM BAM BAM!!!

Rui pummeled one Master blow after blow, exploiting the weaknesses in his guard to blast him with attack after attack while evading every other counter that was sent his way. Yet, the other Masters were hardly willing to sit still and watch him bully their teammate where he

stood.

On top of that, they realized that his perfect evasion wouldn't matter if they used a wider attack that swept across the entire battlefield. A strategy that would negate the benefits of his greatly enhanced maneuvering.

Additionally, they had also taken to establishing a kind of formation amongst themselves where defensive Martial Masters served as active shields while maneuvering Masters buzzed around him with the intention of merely skirmishing with him around the edges. The close- range Masters worked with the defensive Martial Artists with the goal of trying to land as many blows while he was engaged with the former two.

Meanwhile, long-range Martial Masters reserved themselves to remain at a distance where they launched wide-scale attacks to negate his evasion and cut away at his stamina and condition. While the attacks were certainly weaker, they were good enough to hurt him due to his lowered durability caused by the redirection of the Martial Heart to the brain. For the same reason, friendly fire was not a big deal either. It didn't matter whether or not it hit teammates because it would require far more effort from Rui's end to defend against the attack, which served as a great advantage.

It was a level of spontaneous strategic and tactical coordination that Martial Artist of the Lower Realms would be absolutely incapable of doing at all. Yet, Martial Masters were different beasts that were fully capable of engaging and executing strategic thought.

A small smile cracked at the edge of Rui's mouth as he was blown away by yet another wide-

scale attack. "Impressive. But..."

His eyes flared with peril.

"...Temporal Disharmony."

The two Masters surging in for a strike stiffened as time sped up so much that they couldn't even keep up with the world around them!

The Mind-Metabody didn't just amplify thought and efficiency, it also very directly magnified the potency of Rui's hypnosis, which was already extremely powerful.

BAM BAM!

Two swift blows to the jaw knocked them out.n/ô/vel/b//in dot c//om

A smile emerged on Rui's face as his red eyes glowed with deep power.

"You'll have to do better than that if you want to beat me."



Chapter 2321: Consequences

﻿

What followed next was a thorough dismantling of his opponents one after another. He didn't need to use any of his most powerful techniques in particular, nor did he want to. He simply wanted to test what fighting with the technique was like at its fundamentals. Once he got that down, it was easier to figure out what came next.

He couldn't easily use particularly powerful techniques like Yin-Yang Spear or some of his strongest domain techniques, for they were too draining for him in his current state. However, he found that he didn't need to. He was just too powerful as he was now. In this state, his hypnosis had become so powerful that not even particularly powerful Martial Artists found it easy to handle.

It had always been extremely powerful, for his mind had always been extremely powerful, but even then, the boost to hypnosis provided by the Martial Mind was beyond his expectations, reaching truly extraordinary levels.n/ô/vel/b//in dot c//om

"He's strong." Master Sera's smile grew wider. "Stronger than I would have imagined. This new technique is overwhelming and overwhelmingly synergetic with his greatest strengths." Sir Armstrong nodded with a knowing gaze. "No man would experience such an enormous leap in power with that technique as he has. I speak from experience."

"Damn, it's not going to be easy to catch up to him this time." Kane grinned. "That technique looks like a new addition to his Metabody System. About damn time if you ask me."

"An upgrade in processing power of this magnitude..." The Divine Doctor fell into thought. "It does seem remarkably useful."

Matriarch Nephi, on the other hand, simply gazed at his performance from start to finish without uttering so much as a word.

By the time Rui was done, all of the Martial Masters were knocked out or lying on the ground, groaning in pain.

"Thank you for participating in this little sparring match. You have my gratitude," Rui remarked, deactivating the Mind Metabody as he gazed at his hand.

He was quite exhausted already.

It lined up with the suspicion he had that this technique could only last so long. Its sole weakness was its stamina. It was far more energy-intensive than the other Metabody techniques.

"If not for the Sandflower Nectar Potion, it wouldn't even last this long." He winced. "It certainly comes with a drawback that balances out the power it provides."

Thankfully, like the other Metabody techniques, its output could be regulated. He didn't need to use it at a hundred percent each time. He could limit himself to half or even a quarter if he truly wished to conserve his stamina.

It was the ideal solution to an otherwise serious problem.

He couldn't afford to run out of gas in the middle of a battle while surrounded by enemies who would love nothing more than to kill him where he stood.

STEP

He arrived at the spectator stands.

"So, what do you think?" he asked all five of them who watched his battle from start to finish. "You rocked, man. That technique is crazy." Kane flicked him a thumbs up.

"As foreseen, you have an immense compatibility with the technique," the Gatekeeper calmly answered. "You have done well to adapt my technique to your needs and strengths."

Master Sera smiled with an eerie glint in her eyes. "You have amassed an extraordinary amount of power at a young age. I find it a shame that I cannot engage in friendly duels. I would love to fight you. I'm curious which one of us would come out on top."

Rui directed a wary gaze at her.

She was one of the few opponents that he was more reluctant to fight against.

He had absolutely no idea how he was supposed to adaptively evolve against vicious Martial bullying. On top of that, her combat power outside of that was quite impressive, even if unidimensional.

Perhaps one day, when he had shored up his emotional vulnerabilities.

"Do you intend to head to war immediately?"

Rui nodded at his grandmother. "I have gained even more power and have experience and training as a diplomat. I can do much for our predicament if I personally head out for the Kandrian Empire."

He already had a destination in mind that he was willing to head out to immediately.

"What about your sect?" Matriarch Nephi asked.

"The design phase of the training resources that I commissioned has already been completed," Rui replied. "I have also completed the planning phase of the Martial foundation of my sect. The manifold has allowed me to complete a process that would take more than a year in just one month. Unfortunately, there are things that cannot be done inside the manifold. For example, the manufacturing of the resources that I commissioned and the construction of my sect headquarters. There is no point in me waiting around for these mundane processes to finish. I have a trusted and qualified staff working on it."

Once that was done, he intended to officially found the Water Sect right away.

Until then, he would much rather grow involved with matters that were more central to his interests and goals and required his attention. He knew that once the sect officially commenced, it was not going to be a simple and light event. It would ignite a bit of a storm within the Martial Community that he would need to be careful about.

The potency and power of his Martial Art were already well known in the Martial World In addition, the ability to break Martial Artists through was a deeply revolutionary ability that, if disseminated, would shake the Martial World to its very roots.

The world was much larger than just East Panama.

While other Sage-level powerhouses on other sides of the continent did not bother intervening much due to the sheer distance between them, that did not mean that they were unaware of what was happening in East Panama.

News of Rui's ability had undoubtedly reached all echelons of human civilization, and he was sure that he would face the consequences of that at some point.



Chapter 2322: Preferred Destination

﻿

Soon enough, he departed from the manifold after having spent over two years in its depths. Yet, a mere two months had passed in the outside world.

The war had not progressed too much in that time span. At most nations that were far too close to one side had inevitably chosen to ally with said side. However, there were plenty of nations that were not geographically compromised and hadn't yet made the ultimate choice.

A choice that would undoubtedly shape all of human civilization forever.

They were distinctly aware that the wrong choice was beyond merely a blunder, considering the stakes at hand and the powers that were involved.

None of them wanted to end up being the person who historians of the future would look back at and blame everything upon.

"Poor leaders. I must help them make the right decision." Rui heaved a dramatic sigh. "It will be a shame to let them blunder by siding with the alliance when I can show them the light."

His gaze turned forward to the man sitting on the opposite side of the table in the Royal Office. "Wouldn't you agree, father?"

Emperor Rael gazed at Rui with mirth. "I suppose that's one way of putting it."

Upon exiting the manifold, he had immediately gone to visit his father, who had been relieved to finally have his presence.

"More importantly, how has your training experience been?" Emperor Rael asked with pointed interest.

Rui shrugged. "Pretty good, I have grown much stronger now and have even fewer weaknesses. I have particularly grown more able to fight in the war."

"That's good to hear." His father nodded lightly. "Because the very second you set foot outside the Kandrian Empire, you can expect to run into Martial Masters and perhaps even Sages, depending on how desperate and hateful our enemies are. However, I do not foresee them deploying Martial Sages very easily against you."

Rui gave him a knowing look. "Because my short-term strategic impact is not as significant as that of a Martial Sage."

"Precisely."

While the long-term strategic impact of Rui's mass-triggered breakthroughs was revolutionary, the same could not be said for the short term impact. Martial Masters accounted for about ten percent of the end outcome of the war, while the remaining ninety percent of the outcome was going to be decided by the Martial Sages.

In other words, Rui breaking Seniors to the Master Realm was not going to have devastating impacts on the war, especially when the enemies still had more Martial Masters.

"The only place where that might not be true will be the war for allies rather than the main war," Emperor Rael remarked. "If Prime Minister Edward feels that your breakthrough ability is bringing us too many allies, then he may try to kill you with Martial Sages."

It was too difficult to call the details. However, the gist was that Rui's life was going to be targeted heavily due to his impact on the long-term strategic outlook of the Kandrian Empire and the strategic outlook on the Kandrian Empire's prospects of winning allies.

"If I remember correctly, you told me that you had contingencies if they sent Sages, which could deter them," Rui remarked thoughtfully.

Emperor Rael nodded. "An artifact crafted from an extremely rare esoteric substance that can allow you to instantaneously be transported back to the Kandrian Empire in the blink of an eye. As long as we publicize your possession of such an artifact, Prime Minister Edward won't bother wasting time sending Sages to try to kill you."Nôv(el)B\\jnn

"Because it would be futile to try and kill me while I possess the artifact, especially when we have my grandmother," Rui mused. "But, that won't stop them from sending Masters, especially when they have undoubtedly figured out that I am still willing to fight my peers. On top of that, there are enough Masters that it isn't a waste to send them to attack me."

A smile arose on his face. "Which means that I will mostly be fighting Masters thanks to this plan."

"Correct again. As long as you are willing to take that risk, that is."

"Willing?" Rui scoffed. "I want nothing more."

He could barely contain his excitement at the prospect of using his Mind-Metabody against the Masters who sought to kill him.

Considering that he would surely be jumped by many powerful Masters, there was no doubt that it was exactly the kind of circumstance that he had had in mind when creating his Megamind technique.

It would also be good to test how the technique fared against genuinely hostile opponents that were doing their best to kill him. After all, that was the true standard to which all Martial Artists were held.

"...And where best are my services utilized?" Rui asked straightforwardly.

He didn't have the patience to read through progress reports of the war for allies to try and determine what the best place for him to go was.

"There are many places that you could go to that could use your help for convincing and protecting allies, but the one place where you will be most effective is this place..."

Emperor Rael placed a file before him with a title on the cover.

[Shionel Confederation]

Rui smiled, amused. "I suppose that makes sense. I do have a pretty good relationship with Guildmaster Bradt. Though, I don't know if that's changed ever since you returned to the throne. After all, he invested heavily in me as a candidate for the throne, and I didn't even give him any returns when you returned. I only gave returns to domestic investors and patrons of my faction in the Kandrian Empire. And, I didn't even give him a face-to-face apology, just issued a broad public announcement."

Emperor Rael shook his head. "Returning donations, patronage, and investment is an unreasonable standard that nobody would hold you to. This is the peril of political investment that someone as experienced as Bradt is hardly unaware of. He made a gamble, and he lost due to bad luck."



Chapter 2323: Earning War

﻿

Rui stirred at his father's words with an amused expression. "Well, that's a very generous definition of 'bad luck.' He lost because I sabotaged my own campaign from the very start. If I hadn't, I would be sitting in your place right now."

Rui personally was very satisfied with the choice that he had made more than eight years ago. Not going for the throne, in hindsight, was a no-brainer, and it was a wonder that he even gave it any regard whatsoever. Of course, this was a typical twenty-twenty hindsight moment; he hadn't forgotten the immense amount of pressure he had felt after his father had revealed his identity as a royal prince to the entire world.

Still, his decision to pretend to fight for the throne and instead search the Beast Domain for the Divine Doctor was one that amounted to the greatest political scandal of all time.

If it came out, the consequences would not be light. Especially considering the circumstances that they were in where they needed to win over the support and trust of new and old allies. "There is no way that Guildmaster Bradt can know or find out," his father reassured him. "In other words, your relationship with him should still be overwhelmingly positive for the most part. Bradt would not have reached the status and power that he has obtained as a businessman and head of state if he was the type to blame others for his own shortcomings, I can assure you."

Rui shrugged. "I suppose that's fair. I do agree that I can do more if I'm assigned to the Shionel Confederation due to my familiarity and rapport with him. However, that isn't the only reason you're assigning me to an undecided polity instead of a decided ally, isn't it?"

His father smiled knowingly. "You would have made a good emperor."

Rui snorted. "I made a better one by choosing not to."

"Well, regardless, you're correct. There is another reason that I'm inclined to send you to an undecided ally like the Shionel Confederation," his father confirmed. "It is also to protect you the best from the aggression of the alliance."

Rui snorted again. "If the alliance attacks me while I'm in the Shionel Confederation, then they will lose any chance of convincing the Shionel Confederation to take their side."

"It is one thing to attack allies of an enemy, but it is entirely another to attack a neutral and undecided polity that is a potential ally," his father added. "Especially when the polity is as powerful as the Shionel Confederation. It would be a diplomatic disaster to conduct an attack on you when you are a guest of the Shionel Confederation."

It didn't matter if the attack was technically not aimed at the Shionel Confederation and only at Rui, such distinctions would not justify the blatant violation and disregard of the sovereignty of the Shionel Confederation.

"Edward will not be that rash and foolish, I can assure you."

"...So that means I will not experience an actual war once I get to the Shionel Confederation?" Rui frowned.n/ô/vel/b//in dot c//om

This was not what he had in mind.

He had expected to immediately be thrown into a battlefield upon dispatch where he could begin fighting at once.

"If you want to fight, then..." A smirk cracked at his father's mouth, "you will need to win over the Shionel Confederation as an ally of the Kandrian Empire."

Rui snorted as he recognized his father's scheme. "Nice try, but what if I just choose to go to an ally instead?"

His father shrugged. "You won't have the opportunity to fight the strongest of Masters and the very best of what our enemies have to offer."

Rui narrowed his eyes.

"Prime Minister Edward will not divert too much to kill you if he finds out you have the artifact that can send you to safety at any time," his father explained. "So yes, the enemy Masters assigned to whichever one of our allies will indeed do their best to kill you, but they won't be the best that the enemy alliance has to offer as far as Masters go. Those will be assigned to the most important allied nations. If you are interested in fighting Masters who are weaker than you, then feel free to go ahead."

"So the artifact, which is protecting me from Sages, is also preventing me from running into the strongest of Masters that I'd like to fight?" Rui frowned. "That's annoying."

"The only solution is to be in a place where our enemies would undoubtedly assign their strongest Martial Artists," his father confirmed. "With the current power that you possess, I highly doubt that anything other than the strongest of Masters is worth fighting. What's the point in fighting weaklings who are useless to you?"

Rui stirred at his father's words.

They made sense.

He was not interested in fighting anyone weaker than grade twenty-eight. However, these were among the strongest of Masters, even among all high-grade Masters. Consequently, they were only assigned to important Kandrian allies to attack. That meant that he needed to be in a place where they would be.

An important ally of the Kandrian Empire, for example.

If Rui managed to convince Bradt to ally with the Kandrian Empire, then the Shionel Confederation would undoubtedly become one of the most important targets of the enemy alliance.

Then, and only then, would Rui be able to fight the cream of the crop of the Master Realm. With each Realm that passed, it seemed to grow increasingly difficult to get his hands on the strongest of the Realm when he became strong enough to fight them. After all, with each passing Realm, the strongest Martial Artists grew increasingly important and significant politically.

The strongest Apprentice and Squire weren't all that relevant politically, but the strongest Senior, who Sir Armstrong and Rui himself were at one point, was of political significance.

The same was even more true for the strongest Martial Masters.

There were only two grade-thirty Masters left.

It meant that it wasn't going to be easy to fight the strongest this time around.

"Fine." Rui made up his mind, narrowing his eyes. "I'll win over the Shionel Confederation and then fight with the strongest Masters who attack it after as a reward."



Chapter 2324 Extreme Concessions



Once the decision was made, Rui needed to devise a strategy for winning over Guildmaster Bradt.

Even if they had a good relationship, it wasn't something that could single-handedly win over the guildmaster to their side. At most, the man would be more pleasant to Rui than to the alliance. That was all Rui had going for him. He needed to figure out the rest for himself.

"His greatest predicament must be the fact that he loses everything to the alliance if he picks a fight with them," Rui quickly discerned the man's circumstances. "In which case, it will be very difficult to convince him otherwise."

"That is indeed what has been holding up our talks," Emperor Rael calmly replied. "I do not necessarily blame him. He would be a fool to throw away the foundation of his business that easily."

"But it is that sense of self-preservation that is holding him back from allying with us."

"Correct, I wasn't able to make too much progress. He is indeed a tough nut to crack," Emperor Rael remarked. "I haven't hit the limit on the offers that I am able and willing to make, but I decided that I shall entrust them to you. It is best that you personally make the offer to Guildmaster Bradt as a sign of our sincerity."

"I thought you already sent a diplomatic team to negotiate with him, like with all other nations." Rui raised an eyebrow. "I suppose that for Sage-level nations, you communicate with them more directly?"

"You get what you give," his father calmly uttered. "Diplomatic teams are met with diplomatic teams; they do not directly negotiate with the leaders of the Sage-level nations themselves, and instead, most of their time goes into corresponding with the head official of foreign affairs of the state."

Rui nodded knowingly. "And the official, in turn, communicates with the head of state. It's an indirect, cumbersome, and slow process that is much less efficient or effective than directly communicating with the head of state himself."

"Correct. However, only an equally important dignitary from our nation can earn that right. I would never speak directly to a random ambassador from any Sage-level powerhouse, for they do not have authority or a mandate for authority that is worth my time."

"So, the goal is to increase the likelihood of the success of the negotiations with the Shionel Confederation by sending me, a royal prince, so that I can negotiate extensively with Guildmaster Bradt directly and leverage my good relationship with him," Rui mused. "Well, it's a good plan, but ultimately, Bradt is not a fool. We will need to make offers that he cannot refuse or else me going there is going to be meaningless."

"I am aware of that." Emperor Rael pulled out a thick folder from his table. "These are the concessions that I am willing to make in order to secure the cooperation of the Shionel Confederation."

Rui raised an eyebrow with interest as he opened the folder and skimmed through the first few pages. n/ô/vel/b//in dot c//om

What he read shook him where he sat.

"You're willing to sell him one of our port towns?!" Rui's eyes lit up with surprise. "That's extreme."

His gaze shifted to his father. "Our maritime and seafaring sector is extraordinarily successful and lucrative. The sheer amount of bandwidth of connection that we get with the rest of the continent is extreme, not to mention the revenue and the importance of the harbor to local businesses and trade."

Emperor Rael shook his head. "Towns can be built. Once we win the war, our power and prestige will reach unprecedented heights. With the treasures that we have thanks to you, we will be the most powerful military and Martial force in the entire continent by far. We will be able to break past the Great Limit and achieve unparalleled prosperity. In comparison to that…"

He firmly met Rui's gaze. "One or even two port towns are nothing. The Kandrian Empire shares an absolutely enormous border with the Great Nam Ocean. After we win the war and complete our rise, we will easily be able to build many more port towns along our eastern coast and proceed with no problem whatsoever."

Rui mulled over that.

This is not new information, of course. In theory, even Rui knew that there wasn't any limit to what could be sacrificed to win the war as long as they still had their treasures. Even then, selling off a hefty piece of one's territory was a taboo that one did not do too easily. However, it appeared that his father was entirely willing to make the sacrifice.

"I mean, you could have just offered him a lot of breakthroughs instead," Rui muttered with a hint of dissatisfaction. "It's more valuable than land, and it doesn't take anything away from us except for a bit of my time."

Emperor Rael shook his head. "You don't understand Bradt entirely if you think that. Do you think I haven't offered him breakthroughs? It was the first thing that I offered him. Yet, he refused, as I had predicted. The foundation of his business is something that he has spent more than forty years creating. He is deeply unwilling to let it go, not even for breakthroughs and not even for longevity potions. In a sense, his company is his only offspring. His desire to preserve the oligarchic dominance of his company exceeds his desire for power and even self-preservation."

Rui stirred at his father's words as he understood the reasoning behind his choices. "…So that is why you are willing to offer him a port town. A port town will directly benefit the foundation of his business, right? Thus, even if he loses the connections or his distribution and transport routes and chains, he will still be able to preserve the enormous market share that his nation has."

"Correct." His father nodded. "That is why all the things that I'm willing to offer are in some way or another related to empowering and enriching the core of his business."

-



Chapter 2325 Replacement Proposal



Rui understood the choices that his father had made when it came to the things that he was willing to make when it came to persuading the Shionel Guildmaster to their side.

"Port towns, ship yards, ships, harbors…" Rui winced. "These are all huge concessions. You're basically offering to give him a foundation in seafaring on a silver platter."

"It is the price that needs to be paid if we are to get him to abandon his foundation in land faring," his father replied, sifting through some other documents. "Or, at least, his foundation in land faring in East Panama. For example, this is a map featuring all the distribution and transportation routes that the Bradt Distribution Service will lose if he joins the Kandrian Empire and makes an enemy of the alliance."

He placed a map of East Panama on the table that featured each distribution and transport route that the Bradt Distribution used across all of East Panama. Each route connected the Bradt Distribution Service centers and branches to unique places that couldn't be accessed otherwise.

In other words, each route was indispensable to Guildmaster Bradt's business and market capture.

The ones that he would lose by allying with the Kandrian Empire were featured in red; these were routes that involved going through or near the Britannian Empire, the Republic of Gorteau, and the Sekigahara Confederate.

Nearly seventy percent of the routes were red.

"And this…" Emperor Rael placed another map on the table. "…Is my proposed seafaring replacements for the lost routes."

The map featured a thick band of routes that flowed into the Kandrian Empire and then emerged from the eastern side into the sea before spreading across the entire continent. It cleanly demonstrated how each and every single lost route would be replaced by a sea-faring route.

"However, each route is longer." Rui frowned. "The cost of his services will increase. That does not seem particularly lucrative to me."

"The distance traveled increases. However, the sheer amount of goods that ships are able to transport en masse is absolutely enormous compared to that of storage carriages," his father explained. "It's ten times more expensive but also twenty times more productive. Thus, the per-unit price of his services actually reduces. On top of that, his land routes require paying tariffs to the polities he passes through, although he has negotiated some pretty low prices for himself. The Great Nam Ocean, on the other hand, does not charge tariffs for traversing its waters."

Rui nodded as he appreciated the benefits and allure of seafaring distribution as an alternative. "However, there is still the issue of leverage that we will have over him. Even if you sell him the town, it is ultimately still well within our control and our territory. We could take it back any time we want and cripple his business. As a result, he would be absolutely powerless to stop it in such a circumstance. He is surrendering a lot of trust to us."

"Thankfully, that is where the reputation of trust and credibility I have cultivated over three centuries as the ruler of the Kandrian Empire comes into play," his father replied. "And, it is paying its dues. Many of the allies we have already made are formed on promises that I made to them. Yet, despite them being merely promises, even if written on a contract, they still eagerly formed an alliance with us. Do you think that they would have done that if not for the impeccable reputation, trustworthiness, and credibility that I have cultivated over the span of three hundred years?"

Rui shook his head. "There's no way I would make an enemy of three Sage-level powerhouses over flowery promises."

"Exactly. As long as you operate with sincerity and good faith consistently, people will tally that to have a more favorable opinion of you. Your reputation and credibility is extremely important in the world of politics and business. Unlike us, the rest of the world does not have the Silas Clan to foresee the future. Thus, they evaluate whether they should impart trust and how much based on reputation and credibility."

His father leveraged his reputation extensively over the war to win them advantages that he would not have been able to win otherwise. This included the deal with Esocline Federation that allowed him to earn its support in crippling the Sekigahara Confederate.

"So, the moral of the story is to make proposals that empower the foundation of his business and proposals that leverage our reputation," Rui summarized. "And that, combined with the fact that we have a good relationship with him, and we should be able to reel him to our side."

"Precisely, I have prepared an information package that you can read up on while you prepare for your diplomatic dispatch to the Shionel Confederation," his father remarked. "Once you have thoroughly absorbed it, you are ready for the operation. We don't have much time, so let's get started."

He placed a large stack of documents on the table before Rui with a nod.

Rui heaved a sigh of reluctance. He didn't want to if he could avoid it. But the stakes were too high. Not to mention, it would be difficult for him to fight the Masters otherwise. Nôv(el)B\\jnn

He also needed to ensure that he got his facts right, or else he would just be like a fool before Guildmaster Bradt. He had negotiated agreements with the guildmaster before, and he knew that the man was extremely shrewd. If he did not do his absolute best in this regard, he would not be able to inspire confidence and trust in the guildmaster. At this juncture, he needed to not only compel the guildmaster's deep protectiveness in his business but also to instill confidence in the man that they would indeed win and did indeed have their act together.

"I'll get right on it immediately, it shouldn't take me too long to familiarize myself with all the details of this mission."

-



Chapter 2326: A Heavy Favor

﻿

Rui began absorbing the relevant data that his father had prepared for him after departing from the Royal Palace. His father knew exactly the kind of information that he would need in order to ensure that he would be able to finish his mission without a hitch.

As he familiarized himself with data surrounding the Shionel Confederation's socioeconomic parameters as well as numbers on the Bradt Distribution Services' operations and businesses, he gained a much better understanding of the man's circumstances.

"The Shionel Dungeon has truly served as the breakthrough that propelled his business to even greater statuses in this sector, allowing him to become the sole oligarch of distribution and transportation," Rui muttered. "Tsk, this fellow has truly benefited from me."

It was no wonder that he had been willing to invest heavily in Rui's political campaign for the throne.

On top of that, he still had one Martial Sage on retainer that was entirely answerable to him as per their contract. This was in exchange for turning one of the floors of the dungeon into a Virodhabhasa Church Town.

It was none other than Sage Sariawar.

Rui's eyes narrowed as the darkness in his eyes stirred ominously.

He hadn't forgotten what Master Uma had told him.

Master Deivon, one of his greatest beneficiaries in a time when he was at his most vulnerable, was dead.

He had sensed that she was telling the truth thanks to his vastly superior Martial Mind. It also meant that the official story about the man was a lie.

The official story was that he was in isolated training with Sage Sariawar herself.

In that case, there was a good chance that this Sage was responsible for what had happened. She was undoubtedly aware of the fact that Master Deivon was dead.

That wasn't the only piece of evidence that Rui had.

He recalled how eighteen years ago, when he had been attending the banquet after winning the Virodhabhasa Martial Contest, Senior Frinjschia had warned him about the fact that there were powerful beings in the Theocracy that had had their eyes on him. She had warned him to pick a Sage-level nation to hide in.

At the time, he had no idea who she was referring to.

Now, however, he had a faint suspicion.

Whether Sage Sariawar was merely covering up what Master Uma had done or involved to a much more sinister degree than he could have expected, he wasn't sure.

Regardless, he looked forward to speaking with her directly. At the very least, he could try to see if he could confirm whether she had something to do with the death of Master Deivon.

And if she had...

Bloodlust erupted from the depths of his eyes.

"I'll kill her myself."

Of course, it would need to wait until he reached the Sage Realm. Rui was nowhere near the level where he could extract personal revenge for the unjust death of Master Deivon at the hands of those who sought to impose their designs on him.

But he was willing to be patient in this regard.

There was no doubt that Guildmaster Bradt had benefited greatly from her services; just the fact that his company could deploy the services of a Martial Sage on retainer was truly incredible and almost unprecedented in the business world.

"That might also be a reason that he isn't too moved by breakthrough offers, although he undoubtedly regards them as precious."

There was another variable that came into play when it came to the dynamics between himself and the guildmaster.

"I still owe him a solid favor," Rui groaned.

It had been twenty-one years since then, yet, that favor was something that both of them remembered very well. It was not a light favor either; Rui or his family might have ended up dead if it had not been for that.

Still, as Rui grew stronger and stronger, the favor grew increasingly burdensome. It had been most burdening when his identity as a prince was revealed, for it meant that the man could extract significant returns. However, even then, he had waited for Rui to become Emperor before cashing in the favor.

"And now that that didn't work out, he's going to want something else."

It all depended on what the man wanted.

Frankly, Rui had so many things that everybody wanted that he was unsure of what the man would ask for.

Would he ask for something that leveraged Rui's status as prince? Or perhaps his outsized influence within the Martial Union? Or maybe he would request for Rui to grant him the services of the Silas Clan?

It wasn't entirely clear.

Regardless, Rui knew that it wasn't going to be easy predicting how their negotiations would go with this little variable that could potentially change the entire equation. He had no intention of dishonoring his word. He was truly grateful for everything that the man had done more than two decades ago.

On top of that, he also felt a hint of guilt at having scammed the man out of massive donations and investments for his Royal Campaign.

And perhaps, most importantly, if he refused to repay the favor, then it would be no different from telling the guildmaster that he couldn't be trusted to keep his promises. In which case, why would Guildmster Bradt believe the extravagant promises that he made on behalf of the Kandrian Empire when he could not repay a simple favor?

Rui would have to be extremely careful in how he approached this meeting, and he could not be too dismissive of the guildmaster's promises. He also could not make massive concessions that would undermine the offers that they were planning to give him in exchange for his

allyship.

It was a problem that required finesse.

Thankfully, Rui had received both training and experience as a diplomat. Thus, he was not out of his comfort zone when faced with this delicate hurdle.n/ô/vel/b//in dot c//om

He immediately dove into chalking up his diplomatic strategy for maximizing his success in obtaining the objectives that he had set out to reach.



Chapter 2327 Future Considerations



As much as Rui would have loved to bury himself in the matter regarding the Shionel Confederation so that he could fight to his heart's content, he had other matters to think about.

For one, there was the construction of his sect.

While he had left the details and the managing of the process to his staff and administration, he needed to be involved with the big picture. It had only been two months since the construction of the sect headquarters began. At that time, Dealarian Infrastructures had made major strides already, showing that they were investing one hundred percent into the project that he had commissioned for himself.

He wasn't surprised that things were going smoothly.

Normally, purchasing land closer to the heart of Hajin was extremely difficult due to how expensive and cumbersome the process was. On top of that, getting a manufacturing company to even begin taking one's construction projects seriously was a nightmare in and of itself.

It was a process that should have taken years.

Yet, it was at times like this that Rui came to appreciate the benefits of being a political powerhouse. His team needed to merely ask for land, and they got it. They merely mentioned looking for a construction company, and they got the best one in the country, desperately trying to please them.

"How long do you estimate the construction process will take?" Rui asked with a calm expression as he studied the scaffolding that had already come to be erected in his sect. "It is my deepest honor and pleasure to inform you that we hope to complete the process in six months, Your Highness." Chairman Dealarian smiled at Rui.

His expression was composed, but he couldn't hide his nervous energy. Rui frowned as he raised an eyebrow. "Six months? That's far too fast for a project of this magnitude, is it not?"

"Under ordinary circumstances, yes, but we have decided to dedicate the entirety of all our teams and resources to this project, Your Highness," he remarked with excessive courtesy, afraid that even the slightest rudeness might ruin the potential relationship with a man who possessed the political power of a Martial Sage. Rui frowned even deeper. "The largest construction corporation in the world undoubtedly has a lot of ongoing projects; how did you manage to focus all your teams and resources on this project in particular?"

The man's smile grew a tad bit sheepish. "We have terminated all other ongoing contracts and agreements in order to focus on this one. I would not dare be derelict in serving the prince of our country and leading figure of the Martial Union. Furthermore, I can assure you that people in my circles and echelons of society are more informed than ordinary citizens. I am aware of the… gifts of your Martial Art. It only makes me more invested in aiding the development of your Martial Sect that will undoubtedly spread the seed of your greatness to the rest of the empire."

Rui stared at him with a strange expression. "…Uh huh. Well, as long as you are motivated. Given that you are so invested in this project, are you willing to consider becoming our exclusive constructing contractor and dedicate yourself to the development and expansion of the Water Sect?"

The man bowed before Rui. "I would be honored, Your Highness."

That was easy.

Of course, Rui was aware that this wasn't just some blind show of unconditional loyalty. The man was a businessman; unconditional loyalty was not something that existed in his vocabulary.

"Of course, exclusivity is expensive, and we hope that you will be willing to show us… consideration if and when we require your services and power."

There it was.

Rui scoffed inwardly.

The man was kissing his ass so that he could bag Rui as a contact and use his influence indirectly to further his business.

"…Don't go too crazy," Rui replied softly. "If I find my name on something that I disapprove of, there will be consequences. Keep that in mind, and you can do whatever as long as the Water Sect's projects gain priority over all other projects you have in the nation and beyond, got it?"

"Understood, Your Highness. Your grace is truly encouraging."

The man showed excessive deference once more, bowing his head deeply.

It was not something that Rui could get accustomed to, no matter how many years had passed since the revelation of his princehood. Yet, it was yet another reminder of his political reminder within the Kandrian Empire.

Convenient as it was, it was stifling and suffocating. It was almost impossible for him to have genuine human interactions with those who weren't already his friends, family, or peers.

As he departed from the developing headquarters of the Water Sect, he realized that this was the norm for pretty much how the entirety of the Kandrian Empire was. It was forever impossible for him to live a normal life in the empire or anything even resembling it as long as he didn't isolate himself.

He was deeply unwilling to be surrounded by sycophants for the rest of his life.

"Perhaps I should leave the Kandrian Empire in the future."

It was a spontaneous thought that flashed in his mind.

In the first place, because his Martial Art was reactive, he needed to subject himself to different forces to adaptively evolve to them. It also meant that he couldn't lead a monotonous life in the long run; thus, leaving the Kandrian Empire was a given, but he always assumed that he would return home at the end of the day.

"I do also have the Divine Doctor's commission."

He hadn't forgotten about the man's mission to heal Gaia from the ailment that he was allegedly suffering from.

"There is the Quarrier Orphanage, too," he muttered. "And soon enough of the Water Sect as well. So, I suppose I won't be leaving any time soon." Nôv(el)B\\jnn

He shrugged. "Oh well, I'll figure it out in the future."

He certainly had no intention of going anywhere so long as the war was ongoing.

-



Chapter 2328 Desire to Join



He took his time on some of the matters he needed to focus on, and the sect was just one of them, and it was not the only thing that he intended to look into. He hadn't forgotten that there was a person over whom he had some responsibility.

"So, how is the Kandrian Empire?" Rui nonchalantly asked as he turned to K'Mala. She looked a lot different than she did before.

She didn't stick out like a sore thumb, for one.

Her attire and garbs seemed to be a fusion of some of the ethnic attire of the G'ak'arkan Tribe and Kandrian attire, which still made her stand out, but it wasn't too eye-drawing.

"The Empire…this world exceeded my greatest expectations," she murmured, deep in thought. "I didn't know how small my home was. I didn't know how limited my understanding of this world was."

Rui smiled. "I see. I can only imagine how that feels. To one day learn that the world was much larger than you had ever fathomed it to be."

She didn't reply, still deep in thought.

"…Did the G'ak'arkan Tribe never explore the world beyond the island?" He raised an eyebrow. "Even after the Kandrian Empire made contact with it?"

She shook her head. "In the distant past, those who left the island to explore the world never returned. Thus, our ancestors forbade leaving the island to explore the outside world. Even after a century passed and we reached the Senior Realm, we never violated the sacrosanct laws of our ancestors."

Her expression grew contemptuous. "Now, however, I realize that that blind fear has crippled our destiny. Or at least the destiny of the tribe that I have left behind. I now realize that my decision to leave the Tribe may very well be the greatest decision of my life."

She turned to him with gratitude in her eyes.

As well as something more.

"Well, I'm glad you feel that way." He broke eye contact as he turned away. "I had been worried that you would not be able to adjust to the Kandrian Empire due to how radically different it is to the G'ak'arkan Tribe."

"…It was shocking at first. I had trouble sleeping because of how soft the beds were. Still, once I got used to them, I knew I wouldn't be able to go back," she murmured. "In the past two months, I have been slowly learning the language so that I no longer need a team of caretakers like I'm some child who can't take of herself."

It would appear that the way she was being treated, while extremely well, rankled her pride.

"I have also been learning more about this world," she remarked. "It's history and geography, about the Age of Martial Art, the ages before and the Empty Age, the Panama Continent and the nations that rule its lands and the Beast Domain at its center."

Rui nodded. "It's a fascinating world, isn't it?"

"It is magical," she whispered. "But what shocked me the most was the Martial Art. I didn't know how weak we were back when I was in the G'ak'arkan Tribe. I thought the Kandrian Empire was surely more powerful than our tribe, but I had thought it would be a good fight if both sides came to fight a war. Now I realize that we were children, infants who were being humored by the adults."

She was clearly embarrassed by the delusions she held when she was in the G'ak'arkan Tribe regarding its strengths relative to the Kandrian Empire.

At the moment, the Kandrian Empire had two thousand Martial Seniors in total and was only getting more with immigrating Seniors that had bet on the Kandrian Empire and hoped to gain access to the miracles that the Empire seemed to hold, as well as all the breakthroughs that Rui routinely conducted.

That was a number that had shocked K'Mala to her very core.

At the moment, the G'ak'arkan Tribe only had four Martial Seniors.

That meant that just with Seniors alone, the Kandrian Empire was more than five hundred times as powerful as the G'ak'arkan Tribe. That didn't include Martial Masters, and it didn't include the military; it didn't include the catastrophic esoteric siege technology that the Kandrian Empire harbored.

And it certainly didn't include the powerhouses that were Martial Sages.

The first time she happened upon a Martial Sage, Matriarch Nephi, she had harbored the delusions that she had reached the pinnacle of Martial Art.

She was humbled upon feeling the endless might that lingered within each of these forces. She couldn't even imagine how strong the so-called Transcendents were. Considering how strong she had already become, they may as well have been gods in human form.

"I have already begun working on knowing who I am," she heaved a sigh. "However, I don't know if I will reach the Sage Realm, considering how few of us succeed."

He shook his head. "It is not easy, that is for sure. But you must get stronger if you want it. Thankfully, your work is cut out for you. After all, you have access to a wealth of techniques and resources to help you grow stronger that you never had access to before."

Her eyes sharpened with determination. "I do intend to make the best of them."

She turned to him. "What do you intend to do?"

"I just exited a training session, so I won't be training. I have been assigned a mission for the war, and I will be leaving the empire for it," Rui proceeded to explain his mission to her. "I want to come," she remarked with determination. Rui frowned. "What for? It's a diplomatic mission, at first at least." Nôv(el)B\\jnn

"I want to be there as well."

"What happened to making the best of the Kandrian Empire right here?"

"I changed my mind. Now I want to come as well."

He stared at her with a dubious expression before relenting.

"Fine, but not right away. Only after the fighting starts."

"…Deal."

-



Chapter 2329: Desire To Ally

﻿

Days passed as Rui thoroughly immersed himself in studying the Shionel Confederation, Bradt Distribution Services, and Guildmaster Bradt himself.

The internal politics of the Shionel Confederation was messy.

The legislative body of the corporatocratic nation, the Shionel Merchant Guild, was split in the middle regarding which side to ally with. While the ultimate decision lay with the head of state, the guildmaster, they were still able to exert tremendous pressure on him with their political and economic power.

Half of them wanted to ally with the East Panamic Treaty Alliance, while the other half sought to ally with the Kandrian Empire.

It was a complicated mess of a partisan political tug-of-war.

The pro-alliance faction was comprised of merchants similar to Guildmaster Bradt, who had too much business in association with the three powerhouses that aimed to destroy the Kandrian Empire.

They were also comprised of merchants who had competed against Rui in the Shionel Dungeon more than two decades ago and had been thoroughly dominated by him in the dungeon as he sabotaged their once-in-a-lifetime opportunity to rise to become powerhouses with the opportunities that the dungeon offered.

Twenty years had passed, but they still held a grudge against the man who was later revealed to be the prince of the Kandrian Empire. Thus, their grudge extended to the Kandrian Empire as well.n/ô/vel/b//in dot c//om

The pro-Kandria faction, on the other hand, was deeply interested in the services that the Kandrian Empire could offer them.

More specifically, they were interested in the triggered mass breakthrough ability that Rui was now known to have.

These were merchants of industries that were highly relevant to Martial Arts, such as Martial Contractors, Martial Mercenary Groups, and Martial Insurance companies that relied on employing Martial Artists fundamentally to thrive.

The more Martial Artists there were in existence, the more these merchants benefited from the increased supply, reducing the cost of production, thereby increasing their profit margins. Thus, not only did they despise the alliance for wanting to destroy the Kandrian Empire and kill the Void Prince, but they also wanted to ally with the Kandrian Empire to gain access to these breakthroughs in return.

They had already allied with the two sides as individuals, but that was much less than the Shionel Confederation.

If the Shionel Confederation allied with either side as a polity, the Martial Masters of the state, as well as the two Sages in the state, would come into power.

One of them was Sage Khane of the Shionel National Guard, a Sage who pursued his Martial Path driven by a lust for money. He became a Sage with the sole intention of becoming as rich as possible!

And he did; he was able to sign extremely lucrative deals with the Shionel Confederation after breaking through to the Sage Realm in exchange for protecting the nation with his power.

He was far from the strongest Martial Sage, but his presence alone gave Shionel Confederation the status of a Sage-level nation; thus, he was tolerated despite his unsightly hedonism.

The second Sage was not actually contracted with the Shionel Confederation but was instead contracted with the Bradt Distribution Service in exchange for one of the dungeon floors, which he monopolized thanks to the map that Rui gave him, where the Virodhabhasa Theocracy could spread its religion.

Thus, Guildmaster Bradt held full power in deciding which side the resources of the Shionel Confederation would go to.

He experienced immense pressure from not only the alliance and the Kandrian Empire but also the merchants of the Shionel Merchant Guild and the entire nation.

"It's rare to see him stuck with so much indecision," Rui remarked to himself as he studied up on the information in the information package that his father had prepared for him. "He wants to believe in supporting the Kandrian Empire, but he's too much of a pragmatist to do so without sound and solid reasoning."

If that was the case, then Rui simply had to offer him enough to convince him of the merits of doing so, and that would be enough.

Just the fact that he didn't already side with the alliance proves that he had a bias that was leaning towards the Kandrian Empire.

Of course, there was also the fact that working with the Kandrian Empire was always a pleasure, while one needed to be wary of getting attacked by the Sekigahara Confederate, being debt-trapped by the Republic of Gorteau, or being colonized by the Britannian Empire. Still, the fact that Guildmaster Bradt hadn't already jumped to the alliance's side the moment the war for allies began was telling.

This could only mean that he wanted to be with the Kandrian Empire, if possible.

"Most likely, my father also sensed that and managed to figure out exactly what was at the root of this bias." Rui realized.

It was him.

Guilmaster Bradt was deeply reluctant to make an enemy out of the Kandrian Empire because of Rui, most likely.

Of course, it wasn't due to sentiment.

Or mostly not sentiment.

It was the intuition of a businessman.

In his eyes, a relationship with Rui was the ultimate investment. He probably expected Rui to shatter the record for the youngest Martial Sage in history, unveil even crazier abilities and feats, and then jump to the Transcendent Realm.

"If only he knew that this is just a pipe dream as things are right now." Rui smiled bitterly. "Oh well, I have no qualms about exploiting his extreme expectations of me to gain a powerful ally with the Kandrian Empire. At the very least, I can't have him fall to the other side. That would be disastrous."

Thankfully, his father had given him the tools needed to give him enough of a rational reason to join the Kandrian Empire, and he intended to put them to good use to ensure that they got the deal that they were looking for.

Soon enough, Rui had completed all his preparations and was ready to depart on a diplomatic convoy to Shionel Confederation.



