Chapter 2030  Untethered



The Martial Sage simply stared at Rui silently, earning a frown from him.

"With all due respect, Your Sagehood, I am extremely busy." n/o/vel/b//in dot c//om

Sage Sayfeel closed his eyes. "…I have one last thing to inform you."

His tone grew graver.

"I didn't think it was appropriate for me to be the one to inform you, but…"

A severity accompanied his gaze.

"…it's more important than all the aforementioned matters."

Rui raised an eyebrow, puzzled. "…and just what might it be—"

"—Your mother."

Sage Sayfeel cut into his question.

Rui's eyes sharpened. "Which one?"

"…Your adoptive mother, Lashara."

"…I find it concerning that you felt the need to bring her up at all." The endless darkness within Rui's eyes stirred. "What about my mother?"

Sage Sayfeel's eyes closed. "She passed awa—"

—A horrifying tsunami of bloodlust and peril flooded the Martial Sage, stunning him silent.

It was pure, unadulterated darkness.

"I'll kill you." Rui's voice resonated with the emotional maelstrom within.

Yet, Sage Sayfeel's eyes only grew melancholic.

For all he could see was pain.

"…My condolences, Your Highness."

"No…" His voice shook. "…I don't believe it."

His eyes burned with defiance.

"I don't believe it."

BADUMP!

Rui's Martial Heart and Martial Mind blazed into full power even as his eyes flared with defiance.

WHOOSH!!!

In an instant, he flashed away from the medical ICU room that held the Emperor of Harmony. He shot away from the Royal Palace, surging through Kandria as he moved at extraordinary speeds, the likes of which he had never reached before, pushing his body to the very limit.

His flesh churned under the sheer stress he subjected it to, while muscles burned as his joints creaked under the sheer speed at which Rui moved at.

Yet, the pain in his body could not even begin to compare to the pain that he felt in his heart.

His expression crumpled with grief and defiance.

His heart refused to accept it.

Yet, his mind knew that Sage Sayfeel would never utter a falsehood about such a thing.

A single remark escaped him.

"No."

It was as though he was trying to will reality to his command.

WHOOSH!!!

With each step, he surged faster and faster.

With each step, he brought about greater pain.

For the first time since becoming a Martial Artist, he cursed the heightened perception of time that came with it.

Each passing second was an eternity.

An eternity of hell.

Yet, merely a minute later, he had arrived at the Quarrier Orphanage.

Unfortunately, the two Martial Masters in place for protection did not take kindly to the rapid arrival of what could only be interpreted as a hostile Martial Master.

Yet, the two of them were frozen stiff with shock when they saw the identity of said hostile Martial Master.

"…Your Highness…" They stared at him with unadulterated shock, emerging from their spots as they surged into the air to confirm what they were seeing. "You are a…"

"Move." Rui's voice was cold.

STEP

He arrived at the orphanage.

In an instant, his powerful senses scoured the entire place.

It had grown larger in the past three years, almost becoming its own little village as a new generation of young adults had also moved out of the orphanage. While many of them had moved to the town of Hajin, many had also chosen to take the steps of those before him, setting up small huts and little homes in and around the orphanage along the road that led to it.

His mother had never had children of her own yet had given birth to a small village.

Yet, he didn't care for that at the moment.

His eyes were only fixed on the original Quarrier orphanage house.

They scoured its depths.

He spotted many familiar faces, young and old.

Yet, he couldn't find his mother.

Try as he might, his powerful senses couldn't find her.

That didn't mean others didn't find him standing outside the orphanage.

"Look, it's Uncle Rui!"

"Woah, he's finally back!"

The adolescents noticed him first, growing more excited. CLACK

"Rui…?" Alice opened the front door with an amazed smile. "You've truly returned…!"

She was visibly older.

Her energy had declined.

Previously, she would dive at him and hug him while yelling out his name with excitement. Yet her youth had long gone over the years. Before him was an older woman who was in her forties.

A single whisper escaped Rui.

"Alice…" "Welcome bac—"

"Where's mom?"

Her expression collapsed with melancholy. "Oh Rui…"

She pulled him in for a hug.

He stood there, frozen. Alice wordlessly embraced him not letting go.

"Alice."

Rui's tone was soft.

"…She passed away last year."

The air boiled tumultuously as the truth gripped his heart in a vice. No amount of denial could ever undo it. A single whisper escaped Rui.

"I should have never left."

Had he not left, he would have been by her side the entire time.

Had he not left, he would have been able to speak with her, with the woman who had raised him her as his mother.

"No."

Alice's voice was uncharacteristically firm.

"She was most proud of you. Proud of you for forging your own path. She would have never wanted you to throw away your life just to bring her comfort."

A soft, bittersweet smile cracked at the edge of Rui's frozen demeanor. "…That's true."

Perhaps Martial Art wasn't the only thing that could evoke emotions of old from him.

Yet, even then, his frosty demeanor had not gone unnoticed. "Rui…?" Alice released as she peered into his eyes, getting a proper close look at him for the first time in a long time. She frowned wordlessly.

She was unable to articulate herself well, yet, the more she studied him the more alarmed she grew.

"What happened…?" She asked as she gazed into his dark, frosty eyes.

Rui simply stared at her impassively.

Within his eyes stirred an endless darkness.

A void.

A new reality had set in.

One where he was no longer tethered by a mother's love.

-



Chapter 2031 Home

In many ways, Lashara had been a rock in his life. No matter how crazy his life as a Martial Artist had gotten, he could always return home to the unconditional love of his mother.

It was a tether to his emotions.

He had yearned to fall back into the loving embrace of his mother after the mental turmoil he had experienced inwardly recently.

The loss of emotional feedback.

The loss of his identity.

Who could help him if not for his mother?

Who could ease his mind if not for his mother?

Yet, fate cruelly denied him this simple comfort.

No longer could he find any emotional respite in his mother's embrace.

No longer could he soothe himself in her unconditional love.

Inwardly, he felt as though he had lost more than just a person he had loved his entife life.

He had lost a haven in the Quarrier Orphanage.

While he had deep love for many of the caretakers that had raised him and had been raised alongside him, he saw them as responsibilities he ought to protect.

And while he certainly felt most protective of Lashara, a part of him felt protected by her in ineffable ways.

Now, she was no more.

Suddenly, all the power he had gathered felt useless.

He felt helpless.

What was the point of being a mighty Martial Master if he couldn't even be there for his mother? What was the point of voyaging for an absent father when it deprived him to be there for his mother?

Chills crawled across his skin as the truth began settling into his bones.

The world grew a few degrees colder.

It grew darker.

"Rui...?"

Alice gazed at him with alarm.

Each moment she gazed at him, she grew increasingly more anxious and scared as she bega?noticing the countless discrepancies in the man she had known her entire life.

Gone was the light in his eyes.

She could only see an endless darkness in its place.

Gone was the warmth in his demeanor.

A frosty chill had overtaken him.

A single question escaped him.

"How...?"

It was a whisper.

"How did she go?"

"..." A bittersweet smile emerged on her face. "With a smile on her face surrounded by whose who loved her. The family that she had created."

Tears welled up in Rui's eyes even as a fleeting melancholic smile cracked at the edge of his mouth before disappearing.

"Why...?" His tone grew dark. "...Why did she go."

His words were a question, yet his tone was an expression.

An expression of grief.

Alice's smile grew bitter.

"People pass away, Rui. She passed on without any regrets. She lived life to the fullest for those she loved and was blessed with a life full of love. Rather than remembering her death, I remember her life. All those times she would read us bedtime stories when we were children, all the meals she cooked for us, all the times we fell asleep in her arms..."

Her smile grew warm as a symphony positive memories flooded both of them. They lightened the vice that gripped Rui's heart even as his eyes softened.

"...We may not have her anymore, but we have the family that she created." Alice tugged at his arm.

Rui's gaze turned to the many members of the Quarrier Family that had come out of their homes, eager to speak to him.

Many of them were new young children who had been accepted into the orphanage relatively recently. These children gazed at Rui reverent excitement, having heard of many tales of the orphan-turned-prince extraordinary Martial Artist.

Many of them were older adolescents whom Rui had spent some time training and playing with before he departed for the Beast Domain.

Many of them were fully mature adults like Max and Mana who had progressed well in the Squire Realm.

Many of them were far older, in their forties and fifties. Julian, Farion, Nina, and Myra. These were among the first generation of the Quarrier Orphanage who had helped run the orphanage when he was still a child.

It was heartwarming.

Yet, deep within him, it was heartbreaking.

He was cursed to watching all of them grow old and dying.

Having broken through to the Senior Realm a while back with plenty of life-prolonging potions at his disposal, he was doomed to watchingg all his loved ones die one after another.

The extraordinary senses born from his Martial Mind allowed him to almost see their remaining lifespan.

It made his love painful.

It made his love a ticking timebomb.

Would he go through this very pain when all the people he had come to love in this life died before him one by one?

Would he have to go through this very heartbreak time after time after time?

He knew the truth.

He had always known the truth from the very moment he learned that Martial Artists lived longer.

He knew that he would outlive them.

But to simply be cognizant of a fact was entirely different from experiencing a truth.

He had always been cognizant of the fact that he would outlive his loved ones.

Yet, today, he truly experienced that truth to the depths of his heart.

A part of him wanted to run away from the orphanage and never return. Perhaps he could run away from reality. Yet, the very thought made him hate himself for it.

It was a cowardly desire, one he would never yield to.

If he had limited time with them, then, that was all the more reason to treasure it as much as he could.

It was precious.

And one day, when it was gone, he would curse himself for not treasuring it while he could.

"Come in," Alice smiled warmly. "It's been a while since you've come home."

A soft fleeting smile cracked at the edge of his mouth.

Almost invisible.

Yet, there, nonetheless.

"...It's been a while but..." His eyes softened. "...I've come back home."

He walked in to the crowd of family waiting for him, determined not to regret.

-



Chapter 2032  Tales Over Dinner

2032  Tales Over Dinner

"Can you think of a better place?" Julian closed his eyes. "She created our home. She deserves to rest here."

No amount of warmth and empathy that the orphanage showered him with could wash away the awkwardness and guilt that he felt at that moment.

Rui couldn't agree more. n/o/vel/b//in dot c//om

The Quarrier Orphanage had already mourned for a year. They had, for better or worse, begun entering the phase where they moved on from this tragedy.

He simply stared at the statue of his mother with a melancholic expression, grieving silently and inwardly.

Rui did not want to selfishly undo all of their progress and pull all of them back into mourning.

"You have changed, but you are still kind."

Rui snorted impassively. "Kind, I am not."

People had a right to heal from the loss of loved ones.

Julian smiled. "Maybe, maybe not. I'm just sharing with you what I see."

That was why he smiled.

Rui continued staring at his mother's statue. "She would have liked to see me one last time. Kindness would be not denying her that."

He smiled like he meant it.

Like he wasn't hurting from the loss of his mother.

"…Not at the cost of pulling you away from your path," Julian lightly remarked. "…She was always sensitive about that, refusing to be a hurdle to her children's path to success. She would have felt horrible if you could not set out to do what you wanted with your life."

Like it didn't burn him from the inside out.

"You've grown taller, Kellen."

"Ah, congratulations on your third baby!"

Rui could not deny that. "Good job with your breakthrough to the Apprentice Realm, Lea."

Still, it didn't alleviate his guilt.

While he wanted nothing more than to mourn for the loss of his mother, she would not have approved if he paid more attention to the dead than to the living who sought him.

"…What happened?" Rui asked, directing a pointed gaze at Julian.

"…She experienced a heart attack," Julian replied. "Sometimes, I cannot help but wonder if she knew. She…made sure she could give everyone her love one last time before passing away…"

"Rui."

Julian's voice tugged at his attention.

"If she did know, she probably would do just that." A fleeting, bittersweet smile cracked at the edge of his mouth. "Julian, it's been three years." Rui wore a smile. "How have you been?"

"I concur," Julian closed his eyes. "Outliving her purpose and her loved ones was her greatest fear."

He didn't respond, simply staring at Rui knowingly.

PAT

Rui simply stared at her statue in silence.

He put a hand on Rui's shoulder, dragging him across the orphanage to the center of the garden in the backyard.

"…Let's go inside; it's time for dinner," Julian remarked.

"…I'd rather stay here for some time."

Rui's eyes lit up as he came across a beautiful memorial at the center of a circle of flowers featuring a marble statue of Lashara with a gravestone by her feet.

Julian stared at him knowingly.

[Beloved mother to many]

"When was the last time you ate food?"

Rui's eyes softened as he gazed at a statue in her likeness. "…It's almost like she's still here."

Rui's eyes grew hazy as he considered the question.

It had been a while.

"A Martial Artist has extremely high nutrition requirements," Julian told him. "Mother wouldn't approve if you didn't ensure you got all the food you needed. Mayra has prepared high-density food for Mana and Max; why don't you join us?"

The mention of Lashara's disapproval stirred him.

"…You're right," he relented. Besides, he had resolved to make as much of his living family as possible while they were there. He didn't want to feel the regret that he felt today.

He joined the family at the giant table, large enough to accommodate them all.

"Big brother Rui!" Max chimed up, unable to control himself. "Is it just me, or have you broken into the Master Realm?!"

A soft smile cracked at the edge of Rui's mouth. "I have."

"Hahahaha! I knew it! You're the best, big brother!"

"…I can't believe you broke through to the Master Realm at such a young age, elder brother," Mana murmured, stunned. "Congratulations on your breakthrough!"

The laymen followed suit, congratulating Rui happily one after another, yet they didn't quite understand the sheer significance of what breaking through to the Master realm at his age meant. They were simply happy that he seemed to be doing well on his chosen path.

Julian stared at Rui with shock. "…You broke through to the Master Realm?"

Julian was unable to accurately intuit Rui's Martial Artist Realm based on his aura, unlike Max and Mana, whose senses were far greater.

The revelation that Rui was a Martial Master hit him like a train.

He couldn't believe that his younger brother had shattered the record for the youngest breakthrough to the master Realm by half!

"You…" Julian stared at him dumbfounded. "Just what have you been up to?"

Suddenly, many gazes and pointed looks pinned themselves on Rui. Rui was known to have the most fascinating and fantastical stories that sounded like they came straight out of a fairy tale. The adolescents were especially eager to learn the things that Rui had gone through.

"Well…" He put his food down. "If you must know, I was in the Beast Domain."

Their eyes lit up with intrigue. The Beast Domain.

A large region at the center of the Human Domain uninhabited by human civilization. To the average person, it was a mysterious realm filled with all kinds of fantasies and miracles. "And in reality, it is exactly that."

Rui firmly confirmed their image of the Beast Domain.

"What kind of things did you see?!"

"Dragons! Did you run into any dragons?!"

"Did you bring back any souvenirs?"

Rui patiently answered all their questions as he took the liberty to narrate a highly doctored version of his story of his time in the Beast Domain, devoid of any strategic intelligence, of course.

-





Chapter 2033  A Candid Conversation

2033  A Candid Conversation

Watching the orphanage gobble up his tales of the Beast Domain with ecstatic excitement was cathartic to Rui. It was because he could directly feel their joy.

A part of his Martial Mind was always active.

His Martial Mind was particularly extraordinarily powerful, allowing him to perceive the depth of happiness that his words brought about.

It was a warm feeling.

It wasn't just the children, he could sense that his presence brought immense happiness to the many members of the Quarrier Orphanage. These were people who had grown up under Lashara alongside him.

While he wasn't entirely comfortable with the ability to peer into people's minds passively outside of a conscious decision to do so in combat, at least he had the security that his presence in the Quarrier Orphanage was a positive one.

He patiently entertained everybody, making an effort to engage with everybody one after another throughout dinner and past.

"Where's Xanarn?" Rui realized she was missing. "Ah…" Alice smiled awkwardly. "She said that she would be returning to Ajanta Island to meet her friends from long ago. She told me to wish you the best of luck and said she would visit from time to time."

"…I see." n/ô/vel/b//jn dot c//om

The reason she had come here was to protect the Quarrier Orphanage in addition to the protection that he commissioned for them. Then, the threat was eliminated, and Rui gained immense political power, able to commission Martial Masters to protect the orphanage and a Martial Sage eventually.

He understood why she left.

Her Martial Drive had always been centered around using her power to protect something.

She was purposeless and unable to do that here.

On top of that, Rui had rejected her and her offer to pursue a family with her. While she had built bonds with the Quarrier Orphanage, she too needed something to strive for.

"…Shame," Rui murmured. "Tsk tsk, you let a good fish slip, big brother."

POW!

A wry smile cracked at the edge of Rui's mouth, disappearing as fast as it came.

It wasn't long before dinner finished, and the adults and children dispersed. They each had their own lives and workload and couldn't spend their time entertaining Rui.

Instead, he found himself sitting opposite to Julian.

"You have gotten yourself into quite the mess this time." Julian stared at him intently.

His words were heavy.

Rui's eyebrow rose. "You know…?"

"I know the 'you' that has been in the Kandrian Empire this entire time, unbeknownst to the rest of the orphanage, was not really you," Julian remarked. "Confirmed by your stories in the Beast Domain. It is good you never allowed that fake doppelganger to come to the orphanage. I would never forgive you if you sent him in your place to mother's funeral."

Julian's words were firm.

"I would never stoop that low." Rui shook his head. "The doppelganger was never meant to deceive the orphanage; it was meant to deceive everybody else."

Julian nodded knowingly, having already deduced that Rui had never intended to deceive the orphanage. After all, if he had intended to deceive the orphanage, he would have never told them that he was leaving and tried to have the doppelganger take his place.

Yet, he told them the truth and ensured that Master Reina never met the orphanage.

"In fact, you were never supposed to know that the fake me was in the Kandrian Empire since I had intended her to remain away from the public eye."

"I have my sources," Julian remarked. "I am the head of a research division, so I was able to find out that you were in the Kandrian Empire and attending an address from Prince Rui Quarrier Silas Kandria to the Ministry of Research and Development."

"Wait, what?" Rui's eyes widened. "She did what?"

"The fake Rui gave a speech about how he was going to increase the budget of the ministry by sixteen percent."

Rui stared at Julian, stunned, speechless, as chills crawled up his spine. Now, he was worried about exactly what Master Reina had been up to this entire time.

"Just listening to him talk, I could deduce that he wasn't you." Julian smiled wryly. "His mannerisms were indistinguishable from yours, but the content of his speech was not of the caliber I would have expected from you. From that, I could deduce that, for some reason, your goal was to fool everyone into believing that you had never left the Kandrian Empire. However, the fact that you came here abruptly and are freely talking about your escapades in the Beast Domain allows me to infer that your deception has already failed."

14:04

Rui gazed at Julian appreciatively.

"Just listening to him talk, I could deduce that he wasn't you." Julian smiled wryly. "His mannerisms were indistinguishable from yours, but the content of his speech was not of the caliber I would have expected from you. From that, I could deduce that, for some reason, your goal was to fool everyone into believing that you had never left the Kandrian Empire. However, the fact that you came here abruptly and are freely talking about your escapades in the Beast Domain allows me to infer that your deception has already failed."

Rui gazed at Julian appreciatively.

This was why he enjoyed talking to his adoptive older brother.

It was a treat to talk to someone who was highly intelligent and also not utterly insane like the Divine Doctor was.

"You've hit the mark." Rui shook his head. "I am in some trouble, unfortunately. The only reason that the Martial Union hasn't stormed to me yet is most likely as a bare minimum courtesy to not invade my home, especially during a time of mourning for me. They have that much respect for me regardless of what misgivings they have of me."

"If your problems are solely limited to the Martial Union, then…" Julian's eyes narrowed in thought. "…it's still salvageable."

Yet, the severity of his tone could not be missed.

"You have angered an organization that is effectively a Sage-level quasi-powerhouse in and of itself."

The seriousness of the situation could not be understated.

Rui's expression darkened. "It won't be easy but…I think I have the capital needed to quell them. I would be quaking in my boots if not for the extremely good relationship that I have built with the union."

Julian stared at Rui with intense scrutiny. "If you believe so…then I have faith in your judgment, but do not think the union will simply forget your deceit and welcome you with open arms."

The air grew heavier.

"You will have to answer to the Martial Union, Rui."

-





Chapter 2034 Split In Two

The Master Council did not convene lightly.

After all, the hundred-and-eleven Martial Masters of the Martial Union represented a titanic amount of Martial power. This was enough Martial capital to wipe out countless nation-states from existence and wreak havoc across human civilization.

Even when they weren't completing operations or missions at the behest of the Martial Union, their very presence was an asset.

A deterrence.

They were needed to deter the many potential enemies and hostile predators that Kandria had made simply by virtue of being one of the powerhouses of East Panama.

If not for them, Kandria would experience war and invasions.

Without them, the other three Sage-level powerhouses of East Panama would smell blood in the water and tear down the upstart powerhouse.

That was why the hundred-and-eleven Martial Masters of the Martial Union rarely concentrated in a single place.

To gather was no different from leaving entire regions of the vast territory of the Kandrian Empire vacant and undefended. It left such a void in the distribution of power that the Martial Union, according to protocol, informed the Kandrian Border Patrol Force and the Kandrian Security Agency well ahead of time of such gatherings so the two forces could be prepared for the voids in security that the Martial Masters would be leaving behind.

That was why the Master Council did not convene lightly, and whenever they did, they did so partially and often through projections.

Only the most important and significant matters could make each and every single one of the hundred and eleven Martial Masters converge to the Martial Union headquarters in the Town of Vargard.

The return of Prince Rui Quarrier Silas Kandria was one such matter.

Within the depths of the Vargard headquarters of the Martial Union gathered each and every single Martial Master.

Not a single one of them dared to miss this historic gathering.

Not even the fiscal meetings of the Martial Union had a hundred-percent participation rate.

Yet, this particular meeting did.

Among the many distinguished Martial Masters that were seated across the extravagant committee hall were Master Ceeran, Headmaster Aronian, Master Zentra, Master Vericita, and many others.

Even the inscrutable Master Gurren had deigned to partake in his very first Master Council meeting.

It only added even more weight to the solemn occasion.

"Masters of the Martial Union."

A powerful feminine voice drew their attention.

Each of them directed their gaze towards the voice that beckoned their attention.

They found themselves gazing at Master Sera Graven.

The Harbinger.

The very most powerful Martial Master in the Kandrian Empire.

The sole grade-thirty Martial Master in the entire nation and one of three in all of East Panama.

Her very existence was one that brought about fear at all those who gazed at her.

"Today, we gather for a long-anticipated event of extreme importance and significance." Her eyes sharpened. "You will have to pardon me in my dismissal of formalities. We are faced with decisions that cannot be delayed."

Her tone was unyielding.

"The Void Prince has returned."

The air grew heavy.

"...Not only has he returned from his escapades into the Beast Domain, he has returned a true Martial Master."

Her words shook them.

It shook them physically.

Mentally.

Emotionally.

The sheer magnitude of what she had just informed them could not be overstated.

At that moment, the air boiled tumultuously, churning under the weight of the emotional turmoil of more than a hundred Martial Masters.

"IMPOSSIBLE!" One Martial Master bellowed with an aghast expression. "How can he have broken through to the Master Realm at the age of thirty-five?! It's impossible!"

"On what basis do you assert your words?!" Another exclaimed with disbelief. "How can you expect us to believe such nonsense?!"

"Do not insult us, Master Sera. Breaking through to the Master Realm before his first century? Come now."

"It is especially absurd considering the Martial Union has already firmly established that the Void Prince's journey to the Master Realm will be more difficult than any other Martial Senior to have ever existed."

A myriad of voices began erupting from the Master Council, expressing disbelief and incredulity at the Harbinger's words.

Yet, a single voice cleaved through all of them.

"Hah, what a bunch of losers you lot are."

Master Ceeran grinned vindictively as he raised his voice loud enough to ensure everybody heard him.

In just a moment, he drew not only their attention but also their ire.

"How dare a junior Martial Master insult this cou—"

"—Shut up!" Master Ceeran glared at them. "You have no idea who you're talking about. If it was anybody else, I, too, would be unable to believe it. But if it's His Highness…If it's Rui…"

A grin lit up on his face.

"If it's him, it's possible. Anything is possible."

For a moment, there was a stunned silence at the gall of the young Martial Master.

Yet, his words were not unsupported.

"While I condemn Master Ceeran for his uncouth conduct, I am inclined to agree with his words."

The calm words from the elder Headmaster Aronian gave pause to the many Martial Masters who had reflexively denied the notion of the Void Prince having broken through to the Master Realm.

"Might I add…" He continued with an erudite tone. "…that while it is true that His Highness will have faced a much more difficult path to the Master Realm, I would like to remind this council that His Highness began cultivating thought in his Martial Art at a much younger age. In fact, in hindsight, I suspect he had a nascent system of thought from before he joined my Martial Academy."

His words, intended to calm them down, merely added more fuel to the fire.

"How can that be possible?!"

Yet, there were more.

"I do not doubt the unprecedented and supernatural affinity for thought that the Void Prince has," Master Vericita sternly declared.

"The arrogant boy has the capital to reach the Master Realm faster than anybody, arrogant as he is," Master Gurren begrudgingly chimed in.

"I am inclined to agree that things that are ordinarily impossible are well within the realm of possibility when it comes to His Highness." The composed voice of Master Zentra echoed through the hall.

The Master Council had been split in two.

Those that believed it was possible and those that didn't.

-



Chapter 2035  Revisions



The number of Martial Masters who simply could not accept the truth that the Void Prince had broken through to the Master Realm at the age of thirty-five was higher than I would expect. Their disbelief halted the progress of the meeting from the very moment it commenced.

Forget reconsidering their approach to the revelation of his breakthrough to the Master Realm, they were unable to accept the fact that he was indeed a Martial Master.

It was irrational.

Any amount of critical thinking would have illuminated the fact that the Martial Union would not call for the Master Council if it weren't certain about the reason for doing so.

Yet, despite that, many were irrationally vehement in their denial of the truth.

There was a simple reason for their incredulity.

What did it say about them if a young thirty-five-year-old Martial Artist reached the Master Realm in a tiny fraction of the time they did?

What did it say about them if he reached the Master Realm faster than they could have ever dreamed of doing so?

What did it say about them if he did this despite facing far greater difficulties?

Just what had they done with their life if all their multi-century accomplishments had been replicated within multiple decades by this unfathomable prodigy?

They would rather it wasn't true.

Unfortunately, they didn't get to decide.

"The claim that Prince Rui Quarrier Silas Kandria is a Martial Master is not fiction." Nôv(el)B\\jnn

Master Sera's voice cut through all the chatter from the Master Council.

Her dark eyes narrowed, turning to one particular Martial Master in the crowd.

"Master Gilbert Ferik, can you please share your recent experiences running into His Highness at the Quarrier Orphanage."

The Master Council turned their attention to the mentioned Martial Master with intent eyes. This was the same Martial Master who had been instated for the protection of the Quarrier Orphanage by the Martial Union.

"I…was performing my duty today as I normally did," he began. "When, all of a sudden, I sensed a truly potent Master-level aura surging towards the Quarrier Orphanage at extremely high speeds. Yet, when I went to confront the unauthorized newcomer according to protocol, I found myself staring at nobody else but the Void Prince himself."

His expression grew severe as he clenched his fists.

"That's not all…" he continued. "He wasn't just a Martial Master. His Martial Mind…it was unlike anything I have ever felt in this entire world. I did not know that a mind could possibly be that powerful…!"

The man found himself choked, speechless, as he struggled to find the words to describe the weight of Rui's Martial Mind.

He was unable to.

Yet his anecdote had been enough to convince most Martial Masters of the veracity of the claims regarding the Void Prince's breakthrough to the Master Realm.

Most of them grew engrossed in thought at the man's words, pondering about the shocking implications that they led to.

Yet, not everybody was entirely on board.

"…His testimony means nothing!" One elderly Martial Master gritted his teeth. "The Void Prince is known to be able to fake auras an entire Realm above him through his extraordinary mastery of the Mind Mask technique!"

Master Gilbert Ferik's eyes flared with anger, turning to the protesting Martial Master. "Do not insult me! No Martial Senior could possibly fool my senses, the senses of a Martial Master, with that technique!"

Unfortunately for the recalcitrant elderly Master, this was undeniable. Martial Masters had senses that gave them deep insights into the minds of other beings. While the Mind Mask was enough to fool Martial Artists of the Lower Realm, the same most certainly could not be said about Martial Masters.

"Master Belmanel."

The Harbinger's perilous words addressed the elderly Martial Master with a chilling tone.

He shuddered momentarily as he felt an inkling of the wrath of the Harbinger building up within her.

"We have verified this claim through other means as well, including but not limited to confirmation from the second Martial Master of the Royal Family posted at the Quarrier Orphanage, long-range sensory Martial Artists detecting His Highness' aura and independently arriving at the conclusion of his breakthrough to the Master Realm." Her voice was cold. "It is not disputable. The Martial Union is not incompetent."

The elderly Martial Master shut up, frozen stiff, where he sat.

He didn't want to give the Harbinger a reason to be pissed off at him.

"…I understand; it appears that I have been severely mistaken."

A bitter expression appeared on his face.

"Then, without further ado, let us consider the revisions to our original approach to handling the Martial Union's response to the Void Prince's deceit of the Martial Union," she calmly declared. "Might I remind you all that our previous resolution into this matter was to ensure that our relationship with the Void Prince would not deteriorate while also ensuring that he fully repaid the Martial Union for three counts of major fraud against the Martial Union. We had previously decided to offer him a settlement that would involve him conceding each and every single technique, principle, system of thought, and any other Martial development of any kind that he had ever engaged in, to the Martial Union while also demanding that he become a member of the internal corps and fall under our chain of command."

The Martial Union had previously not wanted to turn Rui into a hostile entity against them, yet, at the same time, they couldn't have overlooked such major fraud against them. Gaining billions of gold worth of investment and donations under intentional and knowingly false premises and claims was textbook fraud. The Martial Union was well within their right to persecute him by themselves under the provisions of the Martial Judiciary Delegation Act of the Martial Covenant ratified by Emperor Rael Di Kandria in the year one hundred and four.

However, going for this aggressive and hard-headed route was something that the Martial Union was extremely reluctant to do.

-



Chapter 2036  Proposals



They did not want to destroy their relationship with a golden goose like Rui and had far too much goodwill for him from a brilliant relationship prior. And while they were certainly pissed about his deceit, he had never acted maliciously against them and had merely sought to do what was necessary to fix everything and pursue his Martial Path as a Martial Artist.

That was something that, as Martial Artists, they could respect and even begrudgingly admire.

Additionally, there were extreme consequences to destroying their relationship with him. He was no longer the lone Martial Artist without backing. He was a prince of the Royal Family and had developed his own faction that was extremely powerful.

Pushing him away was pushing him to their enemies.

It also meant pushing away the many contributions that Rui would have otherwise made to the Martial Union in the future.

There were countless pros to not destroying their relationship with him and countless cons to doing so.

That was why the Martial Union had previously unanimously decided to go for the peacemaking-salvaging route. They would ensure that he committed to reparations for the losses that he had caused to the Martial Union while also ensuring their relationship with the Void Prince did not deteriorate.

That was why the Martial Union had previously unanimously decided to go for the peacemaking-salvaging route. They would ensure that he committed to reparations for the losses that he had caused to the Martial Union while also ensuring their relationship with the Void Prince did not deteriorate.

It was the objectively best option.

They had previously arrived at the decision that they would have him reveal all his juicy Martial secrets while also having him instated into their internal corps as they had long dreamed of doing.

"Unfortunately, the previous resolutions we had arrived at on the matter have all been voided."

The Harbinger's chilling voice declared.

"The breakthrough of the Void Prince to the Master Realm is…unexpected, to say the least," Master Sera continued with a composed tone. "It throws all our plans out the window, I'm afraid. Our previous plans were based on the power differential between the Martial Union and the Void Prince, but now that he has become a Martial Master, we will be unable to demand nearly as much."

In addition to being a prince and the successor of the throne, he was now a Martial Master. He had essentially come very close to the peak of powers in both the Martial and political worlds within Kandria. The amount of power and influence he would have accrued was so high that it beggared the imagination.

The Martial Union was set up for, by, and of Martial Artists. That meant that the stronger one was, the more immune they were to action within the framework of rules of the Martial Union. n/o/vel/b//in dot c//om

A Martial Master simply couldn't be persecuted very easily.

It meant that they had lost their fundamental leverage, which served as the compelling force to make Rui compensate for his deceit and the losses he caused the Martial Union.

That wasn't the only matter to be considered.

"Now that he has reached the Master Realm." The Harbinger closed her eyes. "…His ability to contribute to the Martial Union had undoubtedly skyrocketed. As a Martial Master who has mastered Adaptive Evolution, one of the fundamental principles that Martial Minds embody, the value that he is able to offer to us is extremely high. Thus, a simple question presents itself to us…"

Her eyes opened. "Do we want to pursue reparations?"

It was a serious question, even if it sounded like the answer was obvious.

In some ways, the skyrocketing value of the Void Prince after he broke through to the Master Realm was enough compensation for the losses he had caused them. After all, he would undoubtedly empower Martial Art in his domain of specialty just as the Gatekeeper had done over the years.

"I believe that we should strongly chastise him but not take action against him." Master Ceeran firmly voiced his opinion. "While it is true that he has lied to all of us, deceived all of us, and caused the union many losses for a false investment, he has the power to make up for all of it and more. Ultimately, gold is merely gold. The Martial Union is not an investment firm or a finance guild. We are an organization of Martial Art. Contributions to Martial Art should outweigh the losses in gold. And nobody can contribute to Martial Art like Rui can."

Many Martial Masters frowned at this suggestion. Not taking action after the Void Prince lied through his teeth and deceived them all while they invested in the false dream of a Martial Artist Emperor seemed far too easygoing. The many pro-Rui Martial Masters of the Martial Union were a bit more in line with Master Ceeran's considerations, it seemed. "While I think Master Ceeran is a bit too light on His Highness, I am more or less in agreement with the sentiment of his words," Master Zentra calmly voiced his opinion. "I would propose a penalty system where we have his highness remunerate all our losses in the form of contributions. Having him make powerful contributions for free until all our losses are covered."

Many Martial Masters stirred at this suggestion, considering the Surgeon's suggestions. It seemed quite sensible and was a good balance between not deteriorating their relationship with the prince while also not letting him off the hook easily.

"That's too little!" One elderly Martial Master strongly insisted. "We cannot allow for there to be such a light punishment for deceiving us! This will send a message to all Martial Masters. If we do not punish him for his deceit, then we will essentially be announcing to all Martial Masters that betraying the Martial Union and causing us many losses is perfectly tolerable as long as one is of value. You will start a rat race of Martial Masters pushing the line and testing the limits of how far they can go with deceiving the union!"

Many of the firmly pro-Rui members of the council frowned at his words. Unfortunately, it was not easy for them to deny them. It was true that the way the Master Council handled this major event would set precedence for the future. That was why they needed to handle it with the utmost care.

-



Chapter 2037 So Be It

﻿﻿Many were in favor of a stricter penalty, much to the dismay of the pro-Rui faction.

"I am firmly in agreement with Master Herel." Another elderly Martial Master remarked. "I think that, in addition to Master Ceeran's suggestion, we should firmly secure joining the internal corpse of the Martial Union under our chain of command."

While some of the disgruntled Martial Masters of the Martial Union were more in favor of that, the pro-Rui faction vehemently opposed it.

"That's not different from demanding his servitude." Master Vericita's elderly voice stormed with power. "Forcing a Martial Master to join the internal corpse that we command is deeply humiliating."

"Has he not humiliated us when he lied through his teeth and played us like clowns?!" Master Herel's eyes blazed with rage. "Never before have I felt as humiliated as when I realized the prince I had spoken to for three years was the notorious and infamous Silent Shadow, who played me for a fool for four years straight!"

Unfortunately, this was not a singular or even fringe opinion. Many Martial Masters who were not personally friends with Rui but had still had a good opinion and high hopes for him to ascend the throne were deeply angered when they realized all their efforts never meant anything.

It wasn't easy to forgive such deep exploitative deceit.

Only those martial artists who had a personal relationship and rapport with him and had been endeared to him over the years were able to understand why he did what he did and forgive him.

Yet, some of the rest, in addition to their resentment of him, were also driven by a bit of jealousy. Not only did the Void Prince play them for fools, but then he magically breaks through to the Master Realm and returns an extraordinary Martial Artist who shattered the record for the youngest Martial Master?

It was too much.

It was far too much for them to tolerate.

While most of the Master Council was mixed and on the fence on the matter, the pro-Rui and the anti-Rui sections continued to fight against each other throughout the meeting, reaching a deadlock that did not yield in either direction.

"Enough."

The Harbinger's voice cut through the bickering in one fell swoop.

The weight of dozens of Martial Masters' voices simply did not compare to the gravitas of the sole grade-thirty Martial Master.

"It has become entirely clear to me that this Master Council is unable to come to a consensus."

The Master Council quieted down after a lengthy session of bickering finally came to an end.

"On one hand, we have a section that advocates for no more than a scolding, while on the other hand, we have a section that advocates for coerced servitude. These are rather far extremes that will never be able to see eye to eye on this matter. Discourse has proven useless in this regard."

Nobody disagreed with this statement, it was an empirical fact that they were getting nowhere through talk.

"In the first place, this discourse is something that would not normally happen," Master Sera continued. "Under normal circumstances, we would be able to rely on our powerful analytics department to provide us with robust probabilistic projections and extrapolations of the consequences of the various plans that we have discussed. They would have given us an objective and scientific understanding of what plan would lead to what outcome. But unfortunately, we are unable to rely on anybody outside of this council at the moment."

Rui deceiving the entire national and international political landscape for four years straight would go down as the largest political scandal ever in all of East Panama. It would harm Kandria, the Martial Union, and everybody involved in ineffable ways with dire consequences.

The Master Council was too paranoid about the Beggar's Sect or the Shadow Guild finding out, thus they could not trust even their own analytics department due to the magnitude of the importance of such a secret.

That was why they could only decide and act amongst themselves.

"And we are unable to decide and act amongst ourselves, as all of you have proven," the Harbinger coldly remarked. "But rest assured, I have a proposition. One that could solve all our problems."

A cold smile emerged on her face, giving chills to all the Martial Masters present.

The gesture chilled the air.

It grew icy.

"We are not diplomats, nor statesmen, nor lawyers."

Her voice grew even colder.

"We are Martial Artists."

Her smile grew more ferocious.

"We ought to dispute our disputes with Martial Art, not words."

The eyes of the many Martial Masters lit up with interest.

They understood what she was getting at.

And where she was going with this.

"I propose a duel and a wager." Her dark eyes twinkled with peril. "Should he win, he will have earned the gentle plan that Master Ceeran proposed."

Master Ceeran gulped. "…And should he lose?"

Master Sera's eerie smile grew wider. "Should he lose, he will have no choice but to adhere to Master Herel's harsh penalties."

A deep silence occupied the Master Council of the Martial Union.

Regardless of how one felt about Rui, each and every single one of them was attracted to this idea.

They were Martial Artists.

One didn't need to be a Martial Supremacist to be attracted to the idea of Martial merit deciding one's fate.

If he had cultivated enough Martial power to pry victory, he would be able to secure the best fate for himself.

If he had been remiss in pursuing his Martial Path, then he would be unable to prevent the worst fate.

It was brutally Martialocratic.

Seconds passed as neither the pro-Rui faction nor the anti-Rui faction raised any objections to the powerful suggestion of the Harbinger. Raising an objection to this was no different from admitting defeat as Martial Artists, in a sense.

"All in favor?" Master Sera commenced an informal vote on the spot.

Each and every single hand rose in the air.

An icy smile emerged on her face.

"So be it."

-



Chapter 2038  Sought Clarity



Rui and Julian had a frank conversation for the first time in three years. While he gave a doctored version of his story to the others, he was able to be more frank with his elder brother.

"The Divine Doctor…?" His eyes widened with shock. "The mythical prodigious genius who is said to have cured death?"

Rui nodded, not correcting his mistake.

The truth about the soul transference ritual was something he could not divulge if he wanted to maintain a good relationship with the three immortal sages who created it.

"Incredible…" he whispered with awe. "To think that not only was he real, but you somehow managed to find him in the Beast Domain. What was he even doing there?"

Rui shook his head, heaving a sigh. "Long story, it's not for me to divulge, either. However, you're a researcher who dabbles across multiple fields, including but not limited Martial Art and esoteric science. I'm sure the Divine Doctor can be of great interest and use to you should you be able to work alongside him."

Julian's eyes lit with interest. "That would be the kind of opportunity that arises once in a lifetime."

A fleeting smile cracked at the edge of Rui's mouth. "I can probably give you a chance to have that opportunity. Here, in Kandria."

Julian stared at Rui in amazement. "You managed to get him to agree to settling in the Kandrian Empire?"

"That's right." Rui nodded. "Although, I cannot force him to work with you specifically, as long as you are the best, you will be able to get a chance to work with him."

Julian nodded absentmindedly, engrossed in thought. "Still…to think that you managed to bring the Divine Doctor back to Kandria to heal His Majesty. Maybe you can get him to heal your mind if psychology is within his specialty."

Julian had been shocked when he learned of what Rui had subjected himself to in the Garden of Salvation. "To think that you experienced such a fantastical adventure in the Beast Domain…" He shook his head. "You're one of a kind, Rui."

A wry smile momentarily cracked at the edge of Rui's mouth. "You haven't even heard the best and worst of it."

He abstained from telling him about the dungeon or alien flora lifeform.

Those were far too important to be divulged to a civilian without any security clearance for them.

"Anyways…" Rui got up from his seat.

"Leaving so soon?" "…I have many important and pressing matters to attend to, I'm afraid." "I suppose that's true." Julian closed his eyes. "The others have already gone to sleep, so go on and take care of everything you need to. Good luck…"

Rui nodded.

WHOOSH

In an instant, he already found himself surging away from the Quarrier Orphanage at an incredibly high speed.

His eyes narrowed.

It was indeed true that he had many orders of business to attend to, but they were not equally important.

The Martial Union.

The alien flora lifeform.

The Elder Tree Pact.

The Divine Doctor agreements.

The Rui Faction and administration.

His various stakeholders, benefactors, and patrons.

Master Reina's mischief.

The return of the Emperor of Harmony.

These were undoubtedly important.

"But my Martial Art…My Martial Path is more important."

He was a Martial Master. n/o/vel/b//in dot c//om

His breakthrough into the Master Realm was one of the greatest moments of his life and one that had permanently seared itself into his memories.

"But it's in the past." His eyes narrowed. "I need to know what is needed to pursue my Martial Path in the future."

Project Water was more important to him than all of the aforementioned matters.

He needed clarity regarding what the path forward as a Martial Master was.

Only after he gained this clarity and understanding could he be bothered with handling the rest of the important matters that awaited his attention.

"If I go to the Martial Union now…" His expression soured momentarily. "I'll have to spend a lot of time dealing with the consequences of my actions…"

The Martial Union was certainly not going to be gracious enough to address all his questions and doubts regarding the path forward to higher Realms before the matter of his deceit.

He didn't want to get bogged down by lesser matters prior to gaining a satisfactory amount of understanding and clarity regarding the most important thing in his life.

That was why he didn't move towards the Martial Union headquarters in the town of Vargard.

No.

He was traveling towards the Ivilia Forest in the South-West region of the Kandrian Empire. With the power of the Martial Heart and Martial Mind, he surged to his destination at astonishing speeds, reaching it in a matter of moments.

He had already spotted his target.

And they had spotted him.

"Rui…?" The Martial Masters of the Silas Clan widened their eyes with shock as they slowly emerged from the forest with caution. The approach of a powerful Master-level aura had certainly not gone unnoticed. The Martial Masters of the Silas had moved to intercept the rapidly incoming Martial Master before they got anywhere near the civilians of the Silas Clan, but they most certainly had not expected to run into the grandson of their matriarch!

For a moment, they were stunned, frozen.

They had always known that Rui was the youngest and most prodigious Martial Senior in existence.

Yet, for all their prophetic power, they could never have foreseen that he would shatter the record for the youngest Martial Master by half!

They each stared at him with bewilderment.

"Y-You…" they choked, stammering. "How coul—"

"—Where is my grandmother?" Rui's impassive voice cut through their astonishment apathetically.

The frost in his voice jolted them out of their stupor.

"…She is in her quarters at the center of the settlement." They carefully enunciated the Kandrian dialect, which they had only recently become fluent in.

"Thank you." WHOOSH

Rui breezed past them quicker than they realized, surging towards the Silas Clan in the distance to where his grandmother awaited him.



Chapter 2039  Tilt to Psychopathy



His breakthrough was such an absurd anomaly that the Silas Clan stared at him with shock even before he landed.

Three years ago, he was an Awakened Bodyforger at the age of thirty-two. Nôv(el)B\\jnn

Today, he was a Mindforger.

Such a thing was so beyond the realm of what was supposed to be possible that the various Martial Artists of the clan could not even muster any words at him.

They just stared at him like the cosmic anomaly that he was.

Rui's gaze swept across the clan with vague interest.

In the past three years, the Silas Clan did well to settle in the Ilvilia Forest.

Rui had been worried of some degree of incompatibility with an agrarian transition, but it appeared that the Silas Clan was comfortable with their current style.

It turned out that life could be extremely comfortable when one didn't need to constantly move to not be hunted by the world. Rui was glad as it diminished any possibility of the clan leaving the empire and returning to their nomadic lifestyle. Their members had grown too used to the benefits of civilization. While it was definitely a pleasant development, it was not why he had come here.

His eyes were fixed on the giant hut at the center of Silas Village.

It could not hide the extraordinary power that lay within it.

Despite her greatest efforts to hide her power, it pricked at her skin.

It tingled at her nerves.

It was as though heaven and earth bent under the sheer weight of her being.

"You've changed more than I foresaw."

A voice halted him the moment he arrived at the entrance, covered with strips fashioned from leaves.

WHOOSH

They swept aside as he found himself standing right before the matriarch of the Silas Clan.

"Grandmother." he regarded her with respect. "Mmm…" She studied him with her powerful gaze. "…Indeed, more than I foresaw."

Rui's eyes sharpened. "…And just how much did you foresee?"

She regarded him silently for a moment before closing her eyes. "…Come in, we have much to speak about."

She ushered him in as she silently gathered a bunch leaves in a mortar, mashing them up patiently. "You're a Martial Sage," Rui lightly commented as he observed her, flummoxed.

She snorted. "I do not wish to wield the power to level nations for every small task. Appreciating the innate capabilities of human beings keeps me in touch with my humanity. No matter how far I have risen above the average human, I am, at my core, a human being."

"…I would have thought that our Martial Bodies resembling humans indistinguishably was enough for that."

She snorted. "In the Lower Realms, perhaps. But that is no longer enough in the Upper Realms. Martial Artists in the Upper Realms have risen so far beyond the human being in every dimension of evaluation that we may as well be gods."

Rui's gaze grew a bit sharper. "…That is rather arroga—"

"—Is it?" Rui's eyes widened as her voice grew more intense.

"…It hasn't been long since your breakthrough to the Master Realm," she remarked critically as she poured the mixture of churned leaves into a clay mug of boiling water. "That is why the reality of its impacts on your relationship with humanity has yet to hit you."

Her eyes slowly turned to him. "The Martial Heart did not affect one's relationship with humanity, but the same cannot for the Martial Mind. You shall learn that it takes effort to…maintain your connection with the human being."

Rui's impassivity morphed into a frown. "What are you saying?"

"They cannot hide their minds from you. Their emotions and mentalities are all but transparent to Martial Artists of the Upper Realms. Did you really think that this wouldn't alter your relationship with humanity?"

Her words gave him chills.

"Awareness of mind and the very natural ability to manipulate it as a result…" She continued. "They are to us what infants are to their parents. No, they are even less. They may as well be livestock to us. That is why it takes effort such as this to hone one's mind, otherwise…"

She turned to him. "…It is very easy for a Martial Master to develop a god complex."

Rui narrowed his eyes. "…Is that actually common?"

"Quite."

Her answer stunned him. "But most of the Martial Masters that I have spoken to have been remarkably humble and down-to-earth…"

"That is because most of them have undergone some amount of psychological training, conditioning, and in some extreme cases, hypnosis and brainwashing after they broke through," She calmly informed. "Those that don't go through this often end up becoming the kind of Martial Masters that end up being hunted by the Panamic Martial Federation for crimes against humanity."

Shock flickered in the depths of his impassive eyes. "…What?"

"It is one of the many reasons that the Martial powerhouses of humanity came together to found the Panama Martial Federation," she continued, ignoring his incredulity. "You're telling me it's so bad that most of the friendly Martial Masters I know needed psychological treatment to not develop a mindset psychopathic to humanity?" Rui gazed at her with a stunned expression.

The idea that Headmaster Aronian, Master Ceeran, Master Vericita, Master Zentra, Master Deivon, and many others had undergone some amount of psychological conditioning and treatment to adjust their mentalities to ensure that they didn't develop some degree of psychopathy was deeply disturbing.

"…It is a consequence of the human condition." Her tone was melancholic. "Social sorting is a sociological and psychological phenomenon deeply ingrained in the mind as a consequence of evolution. The combination of social sorting with the ascended state of life in the Master Realm can lead to some truly horrible outcomes."

"…But how?"

She snorted as she glanced at him with askance. "Look at the history of humanity, my grandchild. That should be an answer in and of itself. The list of things that groups of humans have done to other groups of humans that they perceived as 'other' and 'lesser' is long. Unfortunately, a similar thing generally tends to happen when Martial Masters break through to the Master Realm."

-



