Chapter 1831 Today

The conversation with the Beggar Sage did not last much longer. Rui managed to extract several more tidbits from the Beggar Sage, including the Divine Doctor's modus operandi in the Human Domain.

But alas, it wasn't as helpful as Rui had hoped. The Beggar Sage had a lot of information about how the Divine Doctor operated in the Human Domain, but not so much in the Beast Domain.

Still, it was certainly far better than nothing.

"Huff…" Rui heaved a sigh, shaking his head once the meeting with the Beggar Sage was completed and the delegation left, returning to his office. The information had yet to reach him as the Beggar Sage would be personally compiling it as the sole man who knew half of the things that he was selling to Rui.

He still had things to do before that arrived.

"Have the appointment with the guildmaster of the Adventurer's Guild been booked?" Rui asked.

"Yes, Your Highness," his secretary replied. "Miss Mikhaila has just finished the arrangements. They are due exactly a week from now."

His heart grew heavier. V/\IssịT n0(v)eL/b(i)(n).𝘤𝑜/𝓂 for the b/est novel reading experi/en/ce

A week from now, he would be departing from the Kandrian Empire and probably wouldn't return for months and years.

He had many things to do before departing from the Kandrian Empire.

"Have Mikahila a carriage to the Vargard Royal Palace," Rui instructed her.

His tone grew serious.

"I wish to see my father."

"Yes, sir," his secretary quickly complied with his order.

It wasn't long before he rode a fast carriage to the Vargard Royal palace, along with four vetted Martial Masters who had pledged loyalty to him. Yet, he asked them to wait outside when he reached the medical ward of the royal palace where his father was being overseen.

"Don't let anyone enter."

"Yes, Your Highness."

Outside the medical ward that was solely dedicated to his father were more than a dozen royal Martial Masters who oversaw the protection of the Emperor. Many layers of extremely powerful protection and security were instated to ensure that nothing could possibly approach the slumbering Emperor of Harmony.

Just passing through all of them took several minutes.

Before long, he had entered the medical room that housed his father.

He took a good look at his slumbering father.

A multitude of apparatuses poked lay around him, each serving some function or the other.

His hair had whitened more than he last remembered, and his skin complexion had become an unnatural darkness. His face and body had grown more gaunt in the past year, looking even more unhealthy than he did before.

Rui stared at him with mixed feelings.

On one hand, he disliked his father for revealing his true identity and giving him the power to ascend the throne. On the other hand, he was deeply grateful for being given the Quarrier Orphanage as his family.

He wasn't quite sure on he ought to feel looking at his father lying before him, approaching death by the day.

The medical staff had been instructed to leave at his instruction.

Only three people were left in the room.

His father, himself and…

"Why have you come, Your Highness?" Sage Sayfeel calmly asked, standing behind the Emperor.

He had revealed himself as soon as they were alone.

While the others thought that Rui had simply come to pay his father his regards and respects, Sage Sayfeel knew that he had come to speak to him specifically.

"I need to know where the Silas Clan is," Rui replied.

Sage Sayfeel understood his intentions. "You seek to make use of the Eye of prophecy technique to find the Divine Doctor."

"As much as I can," Rui replied. "Considering that they left on good terms and that they would want to maintain contact with their daughter and grandchild, they undoubtedly allowed my father to be able to meet them whenever."

"A keen deduction," Sage Sayfeel remarked. "You are correct. However, their relationship broke down after Madam Miriam passed away. They refused to speak a word to him when he met them a second time."

Rui narrowed his eyes. "Which means…"

"I can enable a meeting if you so desire," Sage Sayfeel replied impassively.

Rui's eyes lit up. "Great. Let's do just that."

"However, they may not want to speak with you," Sage Sayfeel remarked. "Especially if they learn of your ultimate objective."

Rui was already aware of that. "My father did not tell them that he was looking for the Divine Doctor, right?"

"He did not," the Sage confirmed. "However, they are aware of his condition. Thus, if they learn that you are trying to heal him, they will not help you."

It appeared that the Silas Clan harbored great resentment towards Emperor Rael for the death of their daughter.

"…Hm," Rui narrowed his eyes as his mind flashed into thought. "Tricky but surmountable. The fact that I am the son of their daughter should help, right?"

"It certainly does," Sage Sayfeel admitted. "Especially because Miriam was the daughter of the matriarch of the Silas Clan."

"…What?"

The hostility that the clan had for the Emperor became even more understandable. He highly doubted that his grandmother, the matriarch of the Silas Clan, would be greatly displeased by her daughter's death.

"One of the reasons that the Silas Clan agreed to the marriage was that a marriage between the Emperor of Kandria and the daughter of the chief was a powerful political bond with a Sage-level powerhouse," Sage Sayfeel replied. "They found it rather fortunate that the Emperor had fallen in love with your mother while the lengthy deliberations ensued. Thus, while they grew to hate the emperor, as someone with the blood of the matriarch of the Silas Clan, you might be able to get them to regard you as a son of your mother than a son of your father."

Rui's eyes swam around in thought as he considered how to go about this.

"…I'll chart out the optimal manner to approach them, but more importantly, how soon can you get me before the Silas Clan?"

Sage Sayfeel shrugged.

"Today, if you wish."

-



Chapter 1832  Crucial Information



"That's rather quick," Rui furrowed his eyebrows.

"They gave us a map highlighting their migration route, allowing us to locate them based on the time of the year," Sage Sayfeel remarked. "Thus, I can take you to their location once I confer with it."

"Interesting," Rui murmured. He hadn't known that meeting up with the Silas Clan would be that simple and easy. But if that were the case, then it certainly was a viable path forward. He didn't know how much the Silas Clan could help him find the Divine Doctor, but if his father thought that they were one of the few ways he could find him, then Rui was inclined to put some trust in this means.

He nodded at Sage Sayfeel. "I'd like to meet with them as soon as possible, certainly before I leave the Kandrian Empire and set out for the Adventurer's Guild."

"As you wish, Your Highness," Sage Sayfeel remarked. "I will require some time to have another Martial Sage protect His Majesty as well as conferring upon the Silas map before I can take you there. In the meantime, I would advise you to prepare yourself."

Rui nodded. "Will do. What are the things that I need to know before I meet them?"

Sage Sayfeel considered Rui's words for a few moments, gathering his thoughts. "From what I have gauged during my stay with the Silas Clan, along with His Majesty, they have inherited several characteristics from the Virodhabhasa Faith. They are firm believers in Martial supremacy and organize the clan as a Martialocracy. Matriarch Nephi was the strongest Martial Master of the clan at the time."

Rui considered the Martial Sage's words carefully. "Interesting. If they appreciate Martial power, then it is possible for me to gain their approval in this avenue as well."

One of the things that he was also considering was the fact that he would also be going there under the protection of a Martial Sage. He wasn't sure how much that would hurt how they considered him.

"However, they aren't a pure Martialocracy either," Sage Sayfeel informed Rui. "As a clan that is entirely centered around the power of prophecy and the inheritance of Sage Silas, those with the most powerful Martial prophecy are given the highest regard, even if they aren't necessarily the strongest."

A smile emerged on Rui's face. "So the power to predict the future is of the most importance to them?"

"Correct, Your Highness."

"Heh," Rui smirked. "Then I think I just might have that covered." N/nêw n0vel chap/ers are published o/n n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

Prophecy just happened to be something that he excelled at. He actually looked forward to trying to earn their approval by demonstrating the power of his pattern recognition system. He had recently gained immense confidence in his pattern recognition.

His recent battle with the Gatekeeper had proven beyond any reasonable doubt that the pattern recognition system was still the most powerful part of his Flowing Void Style. He had previously considered the Metabody System, the Yggdrasil System, and the Hypmnomatrix to be on par with the pattern recognition system. However, the previous battle revealed that the pattern recognition system was still greater in terms of how much adaptive evolution it brought to the table. This was especially true after Rui had upgraded it with the Angel of Laplace.

It was the sole reason that the Gatekeeper hadn't crushed him the instant the battle began. "How strong is their prophecy?" Rui asked, turning to Sage Sayfeel. "How does it compare to me?"

Sage Sayfeel considered the question, shaking his head. "I am unable to conceive that they are greater than you after witnessing your recent performance, however, I cannot say. I never witnessed their Martial Artists in combat. I can only assume that they are highly potent based on the legends and tales about them."

"Hm," Rui narrowed his eyes. "Then it remains to be seen, I suppose."

There was no point in considering the matter when they were entirely lacking in relevant data. Rui might personally find out when he met them.

His eyes narrowed as another important matter entered his mind.

"They are descendants of the Transcendent Prophet, right? Does that mean that they are adherents of the Virodhobhasa Faith?"

He needed to know this because this deeply affected how he interacted with them or whether it was even worth visiting them.

If they were anything like Master Uma, then he definitely didn't want anything to do with them.

These days, he didn't think about the Virodhabhasa Master, especially since he sealed her in an information blackout, however, the Master was once a deep source of distress to Rui. It was his fault for underestimating how absolutely crazy the extremists could get. If he was going to experience something similar with the Silas Clan, then he would rather forget about them entirely.

"They are adherents of the Virodhabhasa Faith; however, they do not believe in the Virodhabhasa, they believe in the Transcendent Prophet," Sage Sayfeel explained. "They are part of a religious faction of the Faith known as prophetants who believe that the Transcendent Prophet is the true savior for bestowing humanity with his prophecy."

Rui furrowed his eyebrows. "I suppose that's a relief."

He wasn't aware of the nuances of the religious politics of the Virodhabhasa Faith. He didn't care to know; there were a million things that he would rather commit to memory.

However, his meeting with the Silas Clan was important. It was common sense to know everything that he could know about people that he needed to acquire something. He needed to study the nuances of their theological beliefs.

"I need to make a lot of preparations," Rui closed his eyes. "I will need at least twenty-four hours before we depart."

"Understood, Your Highness, then I will pick you up in exactly twenty-four hours. Please ensure that you're alone and are in a location with no other Martial Sage."

Rui nodded. "I'll lock myself up in highly isolated training and instruct no one to disturb me at any cost. The Kandrian Throne War in the Kandrian Empire has concluded; I'm not required in this nation for anything."

The two conversed for a bit longer as Rui thoroughly inquired about everything he needed to know.



Chapter 1833  Philosophical Outlook



"…And thus, dear friends, the Rui campaign has effectively come to an end with a whole and complete victory in our hands." Rui smiled, raising a glass of alcohol. "Cheers!"

"CHEERS!"

An enormous hall of distinguished guests erupted in applause. Rui smiled and waved as he walked around, engaging with each of his donors, patrons, and benefactors who supported him.

An enormous wave of triumph and jubilation washed across all of them as they relished in their victory.

"Congratulations on your victory, Your Highness!"

"All hail the future Emperor of the Kandrian Empire!"

"Glory to the Kandrian Empire! Glory Emperor Rui Quarrier Kandria!"

Rui smiled with perfunctory pleasure as he acknowledged every single cheer from otherwise distinguished guests, taking the time to meet with each of them personally.

"You remind me of your father, Your Higness," one elderly smiled. "He, too, secured domineering victory before the throne was vacant. And, today, you have finalized your victory for the throne in a similar manner. Indeed, only such a man is worthy of succeeding the Emperor of Harmony."

"Your words flatter me, Minister Gregile," Rui smiled. "I would not have been able to secure the throne without your support."

"Hohoho, I believe you would have succeeded nonetheless, Your Highness," the elderly man smiled warmly at Rui. "Just as Rael had long ago."

The minister before him was one of the oldest and longest-serving high-ranking government officials. He had originally been one of the high-ranking government officials to officiate the coronation ceremony of the high-ranking government officials as the Chief Minister of the government that oversaw the cabinet of ministers.

PAT

"Rule this Empire well, Your Highness," he gazed into Rui's eyes with profound solemness. "It is the legacy that your father tirelessly dedicated his heart and soul to. Do not tarnish his legacy. Do not tarnish the name of Kandria."

Rui's grew steely. "Rest assured, I will not allow anything to disrupt the harmony of the Kandrian Empire."

"…Hm," the man nodded, satisfied with what he saw. "Indeed, there was never any need to say this. I shall retire for the night, Your Highness. An old man like me needs his rest."

"Of course, Minister Gregile, have a good night."

Soon enough, the many guests that had joined the celebration party that the Rui Faction had thrown began to retire and depart after paying their respects and regard to Rui. Soon enough, the party came to an end.

It had been organized for a month while Rui recovered, and it marked the final obligation that Rui had towards his faction.

"Huff…" Rui heaved a sigh once the final guest had left.

This marked the end of his responsibilities as faction leader.

"Anything else on my itinerary?" "No, Your Highness," his secretary smiled. "All obligations, objectives, and agendas."

"Hm," Rui nodded, turning away. "I will be secluding myself in training in the Martial Union's absolute isolation chambers for several days. Ensure that I am not disturbed under any circumstances whatsoever, got it?"

"Understood, Your Highness, I shall ensure that nothing disturbs your training."

It wasn't long before Rui found himself sitting inside an isolated meditative training chamber, alone to himself and his thoughts.

He had memorized all the information on the Virodhabhasa Faith that he needed for later analysis when he was free.

He had only a few hours before Sage Sayfeel came to pick him up. He was cutting it close, but he didn't want to waste any more time than he already had.

"Sayfeel was right…" Rui murmured as he skimmed through the data that he recorded in his Mind Palace. Prophetants believed that the Antithesis was created by the prophecy rather than the prophecy emerging as a result of witnessing a pre-determined future of the Antithesis saving the world from a great apocalypse. Prophetants differed from fundamentalists in that they believed that the prophecy took primacy rather than the prophesized Antithesis.

In other words, while they believed that the Virodhabhasa was indeed a savior who would save the world, they believed that he could save the world because the prophecy prophesized that he would. The prophecy was the only reason they knew he would, and thus, in a sense, was the only reason that he would.

"It's basically a strange epistemological and ontological outlook on the nature of prophecy that believes prophecy to actually decide, rather than merely predict, the future," Rui sharply inferred, cleanly extracting the philosophy of their world-view from all the metaphorical and flowery theological literature that he memorized.

This was an important realization because it allowed him to understand how prophetants, like the Silas Clan, thought of prophecy. It affected the way that he needed to approach the Silas Clan.

Prophecy didn't merely see the future; it created the future in their eyes.

Rui frowned. "Does that mean the Silas Clan believes they are altering the literal future itself every time they use their prophetic Martial Art?"

That was a deeply narcissistic view.

Rui was proud of his pattern recognition system, but that didn't mean he was altering the fate of the universe every time he used it. He was not a god.

He was a Martial Artist who had tapped into layers of potential that existed in his being. VịSit no(v)3lb/!n(.)c𝒐m for new 𝒏ov𝒆l𝒔

Regardless, it didn't matter if he disapproved of their narcissistic self-image. The fact of the matter was that he needed their power. If he needed their power, then it was best not to offend any god complex that they might harbor.

'In fact,' Rui's eyes sharpened. 'It's best if I use it to gain what I need.'

Time passed as he began fleshing out his approach to the Silas Clan. He needed to play his cards just right when interacting with the Silas Clan. Countless considerations flashed through his mind as he created models of several strategies and tactics based on an incomplete profile.

Of course, because his profile was limited, he couldn't create anything with much precision. He would need to rely on his intuitive judgment. Still, there still much he needed to think about beforehand.

-



Chapter 1834 The Power of a Martial Sage

﻿﻿He had several things going for him. For instance, he was their blood. Based on everything he heard, he could be certain that the Silas Clan had extremely strong familial bonds and placed a lot of importance on family.

In other words, appealing to this was his greatest out to victory.

However, he could not be obvious with it. The moment they realized he was trying to manipulate them, they would most likely become extremely hostile. He simply needed to act and talk in a manner that evoked a sense of familial kinship naturally and organically within them.

The fact that he was a descendant of Matriarch Nephi was also a great boon in that regard

While relying on familial kinship was undoubtedly an effective strategy, it wasn't the only approach he had at his disposal. He could incentivize them with beneficial offers of great value to them.

His father had taken this approach. He had offered them an artifact of proprietary Kandrian technology that obscured their existence, making it harder to detect and find them. It was deeply valuable to them as they were hunted by the entire world for their prophetic power.

"That isn't the only thing that is valuable to them," Rui smirked.

The Eye of Prophecy was a forbidden technique that consumed lifespan. In other words, it was lifespan that was deeply valuable to them. Far more so than it was to other Martial Artists.

Longevity potions were already deeply valuable to any person. However, it was beyond priceless when it came to people with crippled lifespans. Even a single life-prolonging potion was an extremely powerful bargaining chip when it came to negotiating with the Silas Clan.

This was another card that he had at his disposal. With the sheer amount of political, economic, and Martial capital that he had accrued as the next Emperor of the Kandrian Empire, longevity potions were effortlessly available to him. In fact, he was probably functionally immortal with how many could access if he wanted.N/nêw n0vel chap/ers are published o/n n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

With these two cards to play, it was difficult to conceive that he would fail to gain their approval.

On top of that, he also had his trump card revealing that he, too, had the power of prophecy. Given how important and central was to their identity and Martial Art, there was a good chance he would be able to earn their approval by demonstrating his 'prophetic' power.

Another card he considered playing was the Antithesis Card. If they were prophetants who did not worship the Antithesis, then there was a chance that they wouldn't go crazy at the revelations that he resembles the Antithesis in some ways.

"Nah, let's not go down that route," Rui shook his head.

He was unable to model theological irrationality. He didn't know how they would react to it; it was best to stay within the territory that he was confident in.

Time passed as he fully refined his strategy to approach the Silas Clan. It still wasn't as rigorous as he would have liked to due to a lack of data, but alas, that was all that he was limited to doing.

CLACK

The door to the meditation chamber opened.

"I have arrived, Your Highness," Sage Sayfeel informed him impassively like it was nothing special.

"You're exactly here exactly twenty-four hours later, down to the minute," Rui marveled.

"Precision and accuracy are extremely important if I am to serve the hidden blade of the Emperor."

"Hah, alright, let's get going," Rui smiled with excitement as he walked out with the Sage.

CLACK

The Martial Sage locked the door to the meditation chamber, leaving exactly as he found it.

"Woah…" Rui studied the four Martial Masters that stood outside in a trance. "That's some powerful hypnosis."

"I will release the technique when we depart," Sage Sayfeel remarked, completely concealing his titanic presence within him.

He turned to Rui. "Then, Your Highness, are you ready?"

"I am," Rui breathed deeply, centering himself. "Let's go."

The Sage placed a hand on Rui's shoulder.

And that was when the universe itself shifted.

What Rui saw shook him to his very core.

Reality blurred as things flashed through Rui's field of vision at an unfathomably astronomical velocity. The very world itself was reduced to a myriad of flashing streaks. A mind-boggling amount of distance passed him every second.

It took him a moment to realize that they were the ones who were moving, not the universe.

It exceeded his mind's capacity to fathom.

All during that time, Sage Sayfeel didn't so much as budge, merely activating a breathing technique, bending heaven and earth to propel them forward.

'No, this…' A profound realization dawned on Rui as he activated Riemannian Echo. 'He's not just warping heaven and earth; he's warping space itself!'

He stared at Sage Sayfeel with a shocked expression.

Today, he beheld power that he was not supposed to.

Today, he beheld a minuscule fraction of the power of the Sage Realm.

Minutes passed as they continued traveling; the Kandrian Empire had already become a distant location on the East coast of the Panamic Continent. They were already standing at unimaginably high altitude.

So much so that Rui could see the curvature of the entirety of Gaia!

A single whisper escaped him.

"Incredible…"

He gazed at the sight of the Panama Continent expanding throughout his vision with deep awe.

It was a sight that burned itself into his memory forever.

In the distance, he could even see the Beast Domain from the sheer altitude that they were at.

A deep, dark domain that was visibly different from the Human Domain.

It was ominously inscrutable.

Within it lay priceless treasures and equally great tribulations to those who sought to get their hands upon it.

Within it lay the objective of his voyage.

Somewhere in the depths of the Beast Domain was the man that he was searching for.

His eyes sharpened with steely determination as he faced the direction that they were traveling in, eager to reach their destination.



Chapter 1835  Futures



Less than half an hour later, the Beast Domain was already behind them.

Sage Sayfeel began slowing down as the world began blurring lesser and lesser, their elevation reducing as they headed for land.

STEP

"Huff…" Rui heaved a sigh once they finally landed on the ground. "That might be one of the craziest things I have ever experienced in my entire life."

He always knew that Martial Sages were incredibly powerful, of course, but witnessing their power in front of his eyes was something else entirely. Even in his meeting with the Sloth Sage, he hadn't gotten to witness the Martial Sage's true power.

Rui shook his head, putting the thought aside.

It wasn't important at the moment.

"So, where are we?" Rui asked, glancing around.

His senses detected a myriad of trees and mountains in the forest around them, stretching for many kilometers. He was unable to detect so much as a hint of human presence, though.

"We are in West Panama at the moment, Your Highness," the Martial Sage helpfully replied. "This is the Nariawar Forest. And…"

The man narrowed his eyes. "It is a location where the Silas Clan temporarily resides during this time of the year."

"Hm, I don't really sense anythi-"

Rui froze as a profound avalanche of pressure washed into him.

Both Martial Artists stiffened as a myriad of Martial Artists appeared out of nowhere, sky-walking in the sky above them.

Their eyes were fierce, pointedly glaring at the two kandrians while they took battle stances. Their attire and garb were scant, fashioned from the pelts of various animals. Among the near-hundred Martial Artists that had appeared in the air above them, Rui could sense many Martial Seniors, several Martial Masters.

Yet that wasn't all.

Rui's eyes widened with shock as he beheld the Martial Artist who stood at the forefront of the group. Sage Sayfeel's expression grew severe and grave. He had long arrived at the same conclusion as Rui.

She led the Martial Artists, standing the vanguard. She had an extremely aged visage, looking to be ninety years old in human aging. Yet, despite that, an astronomical power that Rui couldn't even fathom radiated from the depths of her body.

It was a power that seemed to warp the very world around them.

Heaven and earth bent under the weight of her existence.

RUMBLE Thê sourc𝗲 of this conte/nt n/o/v/(𝒆l)bi((n))

It quivered, shivering under the might of her being.

"Martial Sage…" Rui whispered as he beheld her.

She disregarded him, refusing to deign to spare her attention to a mere Martial Senior.

Her eyes were fixed on Sage Sayfeel.

A single remark escaped her.

"You." Her eyes narrowed. Sage Sayfeel regarded her impassively. "Matriarch Nephi, I have come here today to-"

"-I care not why you have come today," Matriarch Nephi growled, cutting him off. "I believe I told Rael to never come to us ever again."

Cold fury radiated from her demeanor.

Sage Sayfeel narrowed his eyes. "Matriarch, I understa-"

"-You understand nothing," her eyes flared with power as she glared at him.

"Begone."

Sage Sayfeel was not pleased to be interrupted so many times. "Matria-"

He froze as piercing peril erupted from her. Her Martial Heart blazed into fury as she raised her hand at him.

Sage Sayfeel grew grave, clenching his fists.

"Do not do this." The next moment, her Martial Embodiment flared into power, encompassing the sky and the very world itself. It seemed to transcendent material form, for he saw only one thing when he saw her.

The future.

A myriad of Countless possible futures.

Countless possible futures of what was to unfold.

Future upon future, timeline upon timeline, the five-dimensional multiverse flooded his mind. The avalanche of information, even greater than the Angel of Laplace, crashed into him, threatening to overpower him, just as the Martial Embodiment of the Sloth Sage did.

Yet he weathered.

Perhaps it was because he had tempered his mind with the Angel of Laplace, but as close as it came to overwhelming him, it didn't.

Future after future, his mind bore all of it.

In almost all of them, a battle between Sage Sayfeel and herself unfolded. Sage Sayfeel won an overwhelming majority of their battles, proving to be substantially stronger. In each of those battles, the battle engulfed the entirety of the forest and beyond.

Nothing within a thousand-kilometer radius would escape the destruction that would unfold from the ensuing battle.

Yet, there was a single future where a conflict did not ensue.

"Grandmother."

She shook at that word as Rui's voice cleaved through the powerful, growing tension that skyrocketed by the second. She dispelled an attack that was on the cusp of being released, turning to Rui for the first time.

Their eyes met for the first time as she beheld her grandson. Her Martial Heart snuffed as her visage returned to that of an elderly lady, slowly approaching Rui.

STEP

She arrived before Rui, her hands cupping his face. "You…" Her eyes widened as realization dawned on her. "You are Miriam's son."

"…Yes," Rui affirmed her words. "I came to meet my family, grandmother."

Her eyes lit up at those words as she relented. "I see…"

Her tone contained a hint of sorrowful affection as her gaze met his eyes. "You have grown up."

She heaved a deep breath. "My only regret was that I was not there to see it happen. My daughter…she…"

A heavy sorrow overtook her demeanor. "I may not have been here my entire life," Rui replied, sincerity echoing in his voice. "But I am here now, grandmother."

"Mmm…" She closed her eyes. "That is true, I suppose. The past is the past. But the future…"

Her eyes opened, piercing into Rui. "The future is yet to be. It is yet to be written, and those who know how to write it can mold it to their desire. What is your name, my grandson?"

"Rui," Rui replied.

She furrowed her eyebrows yet accepted it nonetheless. "Come then, young Rui. We have much to talk about."

-



Chapter 1836  Seeking to Gain



Rui heaved a sigh of relief at her words. He hadn't expected to be so close to witnessing a battle between Martial Sages upon his meeting with Silas Clan.

Partly because the Silas Clan was not supposed to have any Martial Sages, according to Sage Sayfeel. Matriarch Nephi was only supposed to be a high-grade Martial Master according to Sage Sayfeel in his last meeting with her.

However, more than thirty years had passed since then. It appeared that Matriarch Nephi had managed to break through to the Sage Realm in the decades since their last meeting. It threw Rui off his game a bit.

It meant that the consequences of failure could potentially be a lot more dire than he had partially established, forming a much more powerful constraint on his projections as to what degree he could tolerate a break in communications.

If their relationship grew hostile, then he was as good as dead. He highly doubted Sage Sayfeel could fight a Martial Sage while also protecting him from hoards of Martial Artists. Matriarch Nephi was strong enough to keep him preoccupied even if she had little chance of victory.

Of course, it would take incredible incompetence on Rui's part to allow their relationship to degenerate to that degree. He had no intention of allowing that to happen. However, the revelation of Matriarch Nephi becoming a Martial Sage meant that compelling them was not as easy as before.

Still, their first interaction after their meeting gave him hope that he would be able to secure their help for what he sought to achieve.

He followed them deep into the dense and enormous forest, and they arrived at a small river flowing through the forest. On the banks of the river was a humble settlement with more than a thousand people.

They each wore garb and attire similarly fashioned out of animal pelts. The settlement was littered with small tents fashioned with branches, twigs, and leaves. Several Martial Artists stood guard at the edge of the settlements, highly alert and cognizant of their surroundings.

The arrival of the Silas Martial Artists welcomed a sigh of relief from the many clan members of the Silas Clan. Each Martial Artist was priceless to the Silas Clan, and the loss of even a single one of them was a terrible price to pay. VịSit no(v)3lb/!n(.)c𝒐m for new 𝒏ov𝒆l𝒔

Yet they grew wary and cautious of the two outsiders that followed suit, following their Martial Artists.

The many children of the Silas Clan gathered, staring at the two outsiders brimming with curiosity.

"Rejoice, my children," Matriarch Nephi smiled at the children, talking to them in their ethnic dialect. "There is no cause to be afraid."

She placed a hand on Rui's back. "My grandson, son of Miriam, has returned!"

A wave of surprise and cheers spread through the members of the Silas Clan as they beheld Rui with renewed curiosity and amazement.

"He has come to see us," she declared. "And see him we shall."

She turned to him, meeting his eyes. "The clan council shall hear what he has to say, what he has to offer, and what he seeks. The clan council shall judge whether he is worthy to bear the name of Silas."

A wave of murmurs spread through the clan. "Er…" Rui didn't understand a word of what was being uttered. "Grandmother…?"

"We will listen to what you have to say, young Rui," her elderly voice assured him. "And the clan will judge you. If we approve, you may be able to gain what you seek. What the world seeks to gain from us."

Rui furrowed his eyebrows. "Which is…?"

"The Eye of Prophecy, of course," she replied. "However, only those who bear the name of Silas may come to gain the technique of the Eye of Prophecy. You may bear our blood, but blood alone is not enough to bear our name. Should you fail to gain our approval, you will never be able to gain the Eye of Prophecy."

Rui furrowed his eyebrows.

Things were not proceeding faster than he had expected. He had completely lost control over the flow of conversation. His primary purpose here was to gain information about the Divine Doctor.

Of course, he would be lying if he said he wasn't interested in the Eye of Prophecy technique.

For now, he decided not to disrupt their formalities; it was clearly important to them. It wasn't long before something akin to a shed was constructed, featuring many rock stools that accommodated many important members of the Silas Clan, such as their elders and their Martial Masters.

At their forefront sat Matriarch Nephi.

"Sit." She instructed him.

Sage Sayfeel stood behind him impassively, never once leaving his side.

"Now then, young Rui," she remarked. "Tell us."

Rui tilted his head. "Tell you what…?"

"Tell us why," her aged voice. "Tell us why you seek the Eye of Prophecy."

Rui took a deep breath. "…I require the power of the Eye of Prophecy to find someone. And perhaps more importantly…"

His voice grew firmer. "I wished to empower my innate prophetic power with the Eye of Prophecy."

This sent a wave of shock across the members of the Silas Clan. Matriarch Nephi narrowed her eyes at his words. "…You mean to say you already possess the power of prophecy?"

"Yes, grandmother," Rui replied firmly. "I possess the power to see the future and harness it for my Martial Path."

"…Impossible!"

"Only the Silas Clan possesses the power of prophecy."

"We should punish him for lies!"

He had accounted for the possibility of the Silas Clan's displeasure at this revelation, but alas, there wasn't much he could do to prevent it. The matriarch quickly quietened the people behind her with a gesture of her hand.

"And just what is your Martial Path?" Matriarch Nephi asked. "…My Martial path is Adaptive Evolution, grandmother," Rui replied truthfully.

As he feared, none of them missed the connection.

"Adaptive Evolution…" She whispered, narrowed her eyes. "Hmmm…interesting. And you say your Martial Art possesses prophetic power?"

"It certainly does, grandmother," Rui replied.

"Then we will have you prove that claim before we continue this hearing," Matriarch Nephi declared. "The Martial Path is a gateway to the soul. A Martial Artist must be judged by his Martial Art."

-



Chapter 1837 Different Philosophy

Rui had predicted this outcome with about an eighty-percent chance of occurring. Groups that were Martialocratic and Martial Supremacist always tended to solve things with Martial Art.

He didn't expect the Silas Clan to deviate too much in that regard.

"I accept that arrangement, grandmother."

His voice was calm and composed, yet radiated unshakable confidence. He normally hid his aura because he disliked drawing attention. However, the Martial Artists of the Upper Realms had much greater insight into his power.

"Hm," The matriarch's eyes conveyed approval and interest. "Then so be it. We shall have you fight a chosen Awakened Bodyforger of our clan. Do you take issue with this?"

Rui stared at her dumbfounded. "…Awakened bodyforger?"

"Yes, boy. You are unqualified to fight a Mindforger and too strong to fight an ordinary Bodyforger. Only someone of the same rank of power is a worthy test of your power and claims."

Rui stared at her like she was speaking another language.

She wasn't.

"The Silas Clan has a different Martial philosophy from the mainstream system propagated by the Panamic Martial Federation, Your Highness," Sage Sayfeel interjected, explaining. "A Pathforger is a Martial Apprentice, a Bodyforger is a Martial Squire, and an Awakened Bodyforger is a Martial Senior. They view the Squire and the Senior Realm as a single rank of bodyforging. Mindforgers, what they call Martial Masters, are rank-three Martial Artists."

"…Fascinating," Rui's eyes lit up with interest.

Rui was too accustomed to thinking of the Squire and the Senior Realm as entirely separate, but in reality, they were deeply connected. Empowering the Martial Body necessarily empowered the Martial Heart. They were both the same power; it was just that the Martial Heart was shackled out of reach by subconscious mental blocks. But ultimately, all of it was the power of the body.

Thus, in a sense, formulating them within a single rank of bodyforging, and referring to the Martial Heart as the Awakening, was perhaps more accurate as far as categorizing the sources of power went.

However, he understood why the Panamic Martial Federation propagated the Squire and Senior Realm as entirely separate. There was simply far too much of a gap in power between the two Realms to treat them as one and the same when it came to commercializing Martial Arts.

"We don't have all day," Matriarch Nephi growled, drawing him out of his reverie of thoughts.

"I accept your proposal, grandmother," Rui remarked.

"Very well then."

The council got up, leaving the little shed, prompting Rui to follow suit.

Matriarch Nephi beheld her clan members, who quickly gathered around to hear what she had to say.

"The council shall hereby put the son of Miriam to the test," she announced.

Her eyes turned to a particular woman in the crowd. "Huldah."

She straightened her back, bowing to the matriarch. "Yes, Matriarch Nephi?"

"You shall test the Martial Art of the son of Miriam as a part of the council's evaluation of his merit," Matriarch Nephi instructed.

The woman raised her head.

A fierce light lit up in her eyes. "Understood, Matriarch Nephi."

The matriarch turned to Rui. "Do you accept?"

"I do, grandmother," he calmly replied, having understood.

He had already begun applying the Angel of Laplace to the woman.

She was strong. Easily strong enough to be a high-grade Martial Artist at a bare minimum.

Her body was well-chiseled and balanced in its parametric configuration. However, it was clearly not her greatest strength, and she had not received a tremendous amount of training and conditioning.

It was to be expected as the Martial Artists of the Silas Clan had Martial Art centered around prophecy, thus physicality was not her greatest strength.

For the first time, he faced an opponent in the Senior whose body was not that much stronger than his.

This was rare.

Usually, the only advantage his opponents had over him was physicality. That was the only reason they could cope with the sheer potency of his extremely high-grade Martial Art.

Rui wondered how she would fare.

"What are the rules for the battle, grandmother?" Rui asked gently and slowly, stalling. V/\IssịT n0(v)eL/b(i)(n).𝘤𝑜/𝓂 for the b/est novel reading experi/en/ce

He didn't particularly need the Angel of Laplace to beat her. Frankly, the Gatekeeper was probably the only Martial Senior, or one of a very handful of elite, in the entire world against whom Rui needed his predictive model ready from the get-go just to avoid losing.

However, in this case, he needed to show off his predictive model. It was best to have it ready to show to them rather than making them wait through the entire battle.

"Victory by knock-out or submission. No killing," she clearly drew the line. "There are no rules aside from that."

"I understand; I find those terms to be quite acceptable," Rui nodded.

"The battle will be conducted far away from the clan," she declared. "We cannot have you draw attention to the Silas Clan, nor can we allow any damage to befall our clan members. I shall observe from here itself, and the council of Masters will oversee the battle itself. Be sure to go all out and not hold back."

"I do not intend to disappoint, Matriarch Nephi," Rui replied. "I am prepared to commence the battle any time."

"Then depart," she instructed.

Instantly, a few Martial Masters and Senior Huldah skywalked away, prompting Rui to follow them.

Sage Silas simply watched.

As long as matriarch Nephi wasn't closer to Rui than he was, he could always protect Rui from the Martial Masters, even at a great distance away from him.

Soon enough, they had put enough distance between them and the clan. Rui and Senior Huldah stood at some distance away from each other.

"Take your stances." One of the council members instructed.

The Martial Senior and the Awakened Bodyforger took largely neutral stances, ready to spring into battle.

"Begin!"

BADUMP!

Their Martial Hearts blazed into fury as they leaped at each other at blinding speeds, launching their first attacks.

WHOOSH!

Their fists missed each other, having predicted and evaded each other's attacks.

-



Chapter 1838  Growth



The first exchange was probably enough to confirm that he had predicted her. However, he wasn't interested in just proving that he had the power of prophecy. He wanted to prove that he was the best at it.

However, not to the Silas Clan. He wanted to prove to himself that he was the best at it.

John had worked hard on the predictive model for much of his life. It took him two lifetimes to perfect it in combat. He was not willing to cede superiority easily. His grandmother had told him to go all out, but Rui knew that wasn't the right choice. The best way to earn the Silas Clan's respect and acknowledgment was to win the fight using the VOID algorithm, specifically the pattern recognition system.

Senior Huldah flashed forward, throwing a powerful flurry of blows at Rui.

WHOOSH WHOOSH WHOOSH

Rui evaded every single one of them, throwing a powerful kick at her head.

WHOOSH

She had already evaded it. A swift drop-kick was already hurtled, plummeting at his head.

WHOOSH

Rui had long shifted out of the way, throwing a heavy blow to her head. V/\IssịT n0(v)eL/b(i)(n).𝘤𝑜/𝓂 for the b/est novel reading experi/en/ce

WHOOSH

Not a single one of them had been able to land a strike on their opponent. In fact, a scene unlike anything Rui had seen unfolded before Rui. Each of them was constantly foreseeing each other's attacks and reactively evading them ahead of time.

An illusion was born from the exchange.

It was as if they were skipping time, phasing into the future.

WHOOSH WHOOSH WHOOSH

Their attacks and movements grew increasingly smoother and more refined. They grew sharper.

WHOOSH WHOOSH WHOOSH

They simultaneously threw attacks and dodged them simultaneously. They surged forward, throwing power blows at each other's heads, hoping to take each other down swiftly.

WHOOSH!

Their attack crashed into empty images.

Each of them had long evaded the attack, having foreseen its arrival. A smile emerged on Rui's face. This was the first time he had ever had a battle like this with an opponent that could foresee his attacks just as well as he did.

Senior Huldah, however, was not pleased. WHOOSH WHOOSH WHOOSH!

She gritted her teeth as Rui feinted away from each of her attacks, one after the other. What was a novel experience for Rui was most mundane to Rui. What she was displeased about was the fact that this outsider had predictive power that was on par with her own.

'No…' She narrowed her eyes. The fact that they were equal in combat was proof that his predictive power likely exceeded her own!

After all, she had a stronger Martial Body, being centuries old. Not by too much; the Roaring Dragon Blood Potion had closed much of what would be a great gap. However, she was undoubtedly faster than he was by a notch or two.

Yet;

WHOOSH WHOOSH WHOOSH

He cleanly evaded all her attacks while launching a barrage of his own.

"Tsk," she tutted, gritting her teeth.

It was a painful indicator that his predictive power was truly impressive.

What she didn't realize was that she had underestimated him.

"Your evasions are preceded by weight shifts and muscle twitches."

BOOM!

A powerful blow crashed into her gut mid-evasion. The full power of Fire Breathing, Outer Convergence, Reverberating Lance, and Adamant Reforging culminated in the impact.

"Rgh!" She grimaced with shock, more than pain.

Yet, a powerful kick had already arrived, hurtling at her head. She ducked, evading the attack, only to find that a flying knee kick had been waiting for that.

BAM!!

The knee kick crashed firmly in her head, breaking her nose on the spot. Yet Rui was far from done.

POW POW POW!!!

"Rgh!" She gritted her teeth, guarding against a multitude of blows that peppered into her, accounting for her evasive maneuvers. BOOM!!

Rui blasted her with a powerful kick, flinging her back as he rushed in, refusing to give her reprieve.

POW POW POW!!

Rui narrowed his eyes, focusing on her as he blasted her with blow after blow.

'Hm, so the Eye of Prophecy is static and constant in its predictive power; it does not grow stronger,' Rui realized. 'Well, too bad. My Martial Art has nothing to do with prophecy. It embodies adaptive evolution!"

BOOM!!!

He blasted her with a powerful Flowing Canon, crumbling her firm guard. Unlike the Eye of Prophecy, the predictive model always continued growing stronger. After all, there was no upper limit to the amount of data that it could take. The more data it had, the greater the precision of prediction, depth, and accuracy of the predictions.

The Angel of Laplace simply skipped much of the initial process by supplying a large number of passive patterns that existed in a person. The actual fight would supply him with an immense amount of active combat patterns, further evolving the predictive model.

However, his opponent had a very fundamental misunderstanding of Rui's Martial Art.

The predictive model was secondary. It was created to mitigate the shortcoming of the adaptive evolution model, which allowed him to counter foreseen moves with the statistically most optimal counter.

That was the adaptive evolution of the pattern recognition system.

That was his true strength.

BOOM!!

His attack precisely weaved through a foreseen momentary chink in her, crashing into her solar plexus.

"…ack!" She choked, unable to breathe.

Just as Rui had foreseen.

BAM!!

The full might of Fire Breathing, Outer Convergence, and Reverberating Lance crashed into the jaw, rocking her entire skull violently. The blunt-force trauma exceeded the critical threshold, causing her to collapse on the spot.

THUD

He gazed at her unconscious body. The Mindforgers assigned to oversee his battle descended from the air, gazing at Senior Huldah's body grimly. "Winner…Rui." They reluctantly declared.

Yet their eyes were filled with grudging respect for Rui. He had just disemboweled their strongest Awakened Bodyforger rather decisively. Furthermore, as Mindforgers, they knew that Rui had only employed a fraction of his maximum power, which forced them to acknowledge the extraordinary Awakened Bodyforger before them.

-



Chapter 1839  Private Conversation



This battle was rather therapeutic after his traumatic experience against the Gatekeeper. It reminded him that the Gatekeeper was an aberrant among aberrants. It also reminded me that he was strong.

The result was decisive. The Silas Clan watched the Mindforgers haul the unconscious Awakened Bodyforger chosen to test Rui's full power, shocked at how quickly and decisively the battle had been won by him.

"Have her mother tend to her wounds."

"Wrap her up in Velmin Leaves; it will hasten her recovery."

"To think she would lose so decisively…"

It was difficult to accept, but a victory was a victory.

Once Senior Huldah had been tended to, the Silas Council returned their attention to Rui. Their eyes flashed with various different emotions. Admiration, respect, reluctance, and even amicability.

Yet there was also another emotion that lurked underneath.

Greed.

It had not escaped them that the power of prophecy that Rui had demonstrated was fundamentally different from that of the Eye of Prophecy that they wielded. The Mindforgers and even the matriarch had gotten the sense that it did not intersect with their technique in any way.

This meant that it could potentially be used concurrently with their technique.

It could elevate their power of prophecy to a much greater degree!

They would be lying if they weren't tempted to use…less-than-ethical methods to forcefully extract the technique. Yet the powerful Martial Sage that stood by Rui dissuaded them from even thinking about such things.

More importantly, he was the grandson of the matriarch.

Her words were absolute.

They waited for her word. "My grandson…" Matriarch Nephi gazed into his eyes.

A hint of pride could be detected in her tone.

"You are strong. I have never seen an Awakened Bodyforger as young as you. Yet I most- certainly haven't seen one as strong as you, either."

She closed her eyes. "I must confess, I was almost certain that you were attempting to deceive us by claiming you had the power of prophecy to gain the name of Silas and our Eye of Prophecy technique."

"Thank you, grandmother," Rui bowed his head. She opened her eyes, her powerful gaze bored deep into his eyes.

"If you seek the name of Silas, then you shall have it.

Rui's eyes widened.

"As is the right of those who bear the name of Silas, if you seek the Eye of Prophecy, then you shall have it."

A wave of murmurs spread across the Silas Clan. The matriarch had always been the most ardent believer in prophecy and the refusal to allow it to leave the family. If not for her daughter's sincere and passionate pleading, she would have never allowed the Eye of Prophecy to leave the Silas Clan. VịSit no(v)3lb/!n(.)c𝒐m for new 𝒏ov𝒆l𝒔

Yet, now, she had bluntly offered the name of the Silas Clan and the Eye of Prophecy technique to Rui!

"However, it comes at a price," she declared. "If you choose to bear the name of Silas, you must bear the responsibilities along with its privileges."

She narrowed her eyes, arriving at the point. "You must share your power of prophecy with the Silas Clan; that is the responsibility of those who bear the name of Silas. We have a Martial culture where the progress in prophecy made by any member is shared with the entire clan and made available to all those who seek it. This is a way of giving back to the clan for the gift of prophecy that was initially bestowed upon them when they ascended to become Pathforgers."

Essentially, if he was willing to share his predictive model with the Silas Clan, they would share the Eye of Prophecy technique with him. The whole business regarding the name of Silas Clan was simply to ensure that, technically, the Eye of Prophecy would never leave the Silas Clan or Silas blood.

This way, they could ensure that that didn't happen, technically, while also gaining Rui's predictive model to enrich their prophetic power.

"…I'm not opposed to a mutually beneficial exchange of techniques," Rui replied. "However, as I said, the technique is also not my only need of the Silas Clan. I am in dire need of aid in search of someone. On top of that, I'm going to be very busy for months, if not years, with this task. I cannot afford to spend years mastering what is undoubtedly an extremely difficult technique. Nor do I have the time to teach what is the most difficult set of techniques that I have ever created. My circumstances are, unfortunately, complicated."

Rui made it clear that he was not willing to talk about them in front of the entirety of the Silas Clan.

"The council shall hear what you have to say," the Matriarch nodded.

"I wish to speak to you alone, grandmother," Rui replied. "I am your grandson, after all. I believe I have that right."

Her eyes softened at that request. It was true that she was not treating him like a grandmother ought to. Unfortunately, she was also the leader of the Silas Clan; she needed to uphold their norms more absolutely than others and treat Rui as a leader.

"…As you wish," she closed her eyes. "I, too, have been meaning to speak to you about…many things."

It wasn't long before the Sage Sayfeel activated a barrier of heaven and earth around the shed that the grandson and grandmother moved into, giving the three of them absolute privacy.

"…Before we get to business…" Rui began. "I am sorry that I did not ever come to meet the Silas Clan ever before. I was unaware of my relationship with the Silas Clan my entire life, having learned recently. I was unaware that there was such a group as the Silas Clan. I was unaware that I was the son of the Emperor of Harmony."

Matriarch Nephi closed her eyes, shaking her head. "Rael, I see he chose to keep the truth from you your entire life."

"…He said it was at my mother's request," Rui heaved a sorrowful sigh.

-



Chapter 1840 Names

"Hmph, Miriam," Matriarch Nephi snorted softly. "That sounds just like her."

She turned to Rui with a deep gaze. "Yet, despite not having her or your father, you did well. Too well, in fact. I am unable to fathom how a thirty-two-year-old Awakened and reached the peak of the Bodyforger rank, especially when your great strength is not your body but a mind brimming with more thought than I have ever seen amongst bodyforgers."

Rui smiled wryly. "I had a good family that took care of me in place of my parents…I have also been blessed with miracles."

That was what his reincarnation in a new world was, as far as he was concerned, a miracle.

"Do not give all the credit to talent," Matriarch Nephi huffed. "Talent is worthless without drive. Utterly worthless. It must not have been easy to arrive at the power that you possess."

Rui smiled, accepting her compliment.

"You must wonder why we never came for you."

Her voice grew heavy.

Rui's eyes softened.

He would be lying if he didn't. The Silas Clan was undoubtedly one that cared about family deeply. It was probably the second most important thing to them, based on what he saw, after prophecy.

He didn't know why the Silas Clan had never come to adopt Rui as a baby after Miriam died. He didn't understand why they had never once come to see him or speak to him. He didn't know why he was the one who sought to find them when they had known about him for more than thirty years.

He would be lying if he thought of them positively with this in mind.

"I can understand if you resent me," Matriarch Nephi closed her eyes. "Every child deserves the love of a large family. And we deprived you of what we were obligated to give you. It was a painful but ultimately necessary and inevitable decision."

Rui gazed at her deeply, waiting for her to continue.

"I was heartbroken that Miriam chose to entrust you to your bastard of a father," Matriarch Nephi's eyes darkened. "It was painful to accept that she found us, her own blood and kin, who had raised her with all the love in the world, to be lacking in comparison to her husband. A man whose family was filled with hatred. It drove me away from you, a mistake I deeply regret today." V/\IssịT n0(v)eL/b(i)(n).𝘤𝑜/𝓂 for the b/est novel reading experi/en/ce

She turned to meet Rui's eyes with sorrow and a hint of guilt. "I should have fought to bring my grandchild back into my family, but alas, I was too weak back then. Mentally and Martially. Back then, I was a high-level Mindforger, which, while powerful, is not enough to protect the Silas Clan from those who wish to get their hands on our prophecy at any cost. I only gained enlightenment unto my current rank a few years ago."

Rui's eyes sharpened as he latched onto what appeared to be a clue about the Sage Realm!

She had blundered in her emotional state, revealing something she probably shouldn't have.

"Forgive me," Matriarch Nephi heaved a shaky sigh. "Forgive me for failing you as a descendant of the Silas Clan. It has been decades since the death of my daughter; only now do I possess the clarity of mind to see the error in my choices."

The air grew taut as the emotions of a Martial Sage wrung at it.

Rui shook his head. "…I understand. I don't bear any hostility or hatred towards the Silas Clan. You may think that I have been deprived of a family, but I told you, thanks to my mother and father, I gained a family that gave me all the love that I will ever need in my life."

The elderly Sage smiled at his words. "That is good to hear. Tell me, what is your full name?"

Rui stiffened inwardly, maintaining his composure outwardly.

She shook her head. "Your apprehension is understandable. However, three decades have passed. Hearing his name is not going to evoke me to break a relationship with my grandson."

"…Rui Quarrier Kandria."

"Hmm…" She considered the name. "It suits you as much as I dislike the last name. As far as your middle name…"

"It's the name of the orphanage where I was raised," Rui explained.

"A good name," she concluded.

"Though, it's been going to grow even longer after I gain the name of Silas," Rui smiled wryly. "I don't know how I feel about a name that is four words long."

"Long names are a sign of prestige in our culture," Matriarch Nephi reassured. "Rui Quarrier Silas Kandria. That is a splendid name. If only your first name was longer than two syllables. If I were Miriam, I would have chosen something like, hmmm, 'Ruina,' for example. In fact, I would suggest you change your name to that. Your current one is odd."

"That sounds like a girl's name."

"We do not distinguish names as masculine or feminine in the Silas Clan, young man," Matriarch Nephi snorted lightly. "If you wish to bear the name of Silas, you must familiarize yourself with our culture."

"Right…" Rui smiled wryly. "I'm a bit too busy for a cultural class at the moment. And I am fond of my name; I have lived my entire life with that name. It was also given to me by my mother."

His grandmother frowned. "If that is the case, then it is an even more odd name. Tsk tsk, if Miriam were here, I would scold her for picking such an odd name to give to her son. I suppose it doesn't matter outside of the Silas Clan, though."

Rui furrowed his eyebrows, amused. "I don't see how it's an odd name."

"It's an odd name to those who understand the Silas Dialect," Matriarch Nephi indignantly huffed.

Rui raised an eyebrow, curious. "Does it mean something in the Silas Dialect?"

"Of course it does!"

"Oh? What does it mean, then?"

She turned to him with a deep gaze.

"Reincarnated."



