Chapter  2210  Broad Unfolding



Once the council disbanded, everyone hurried to work with grave expressions, determined not to fail in their duties. If there was ever a moment when their nation could not afford anything less than a stellar discharge of the duties of her leaders, it was now.

Each of them immediately got to work, swiftly and carefully discharging their responsibilities in accordance with protocol.

Soon enough, a national emergency was declared.

Esoteric communication and broadcast, fliers, posters, and announcements spread across the entire nation as Emperor Rael formally declared a national emergency.

Soon enough, the protocols were immediately put into place. The Ministry of Domestic Affairs immediately began a nationwide evacuation away from the borders in consultation with the Kandrian Intelligence Bureau. Nôv(el)B\\jnn

It was best to ensure that the people were as far away from the borders as possible so that none of them could possibly be hurt by the devastating battle that was surely about to ensue nearby.

The Kandrial Border Patrol Force prepared pre-installed energy insulators on stand-by that would ensure that the seismic and atmospheric radiation from the battles would not enter the Kandrian Empire and would not wreak havoc. This allowed Kandrian Martial Sages and Masters to go all out without having to worry about inadvertently harming the nation amidst their battles.

The Royal Army and the Kandrian Border Patrol Force coordinated the reinforcements of additional Apocalypse-class long-range heavy artillery siege weapons to begin bombarding the incoming deep-strike force the moment they entered the strike range of the weapons.

Naturally, the sudden declaration of a national emergency shook the population of the Kandrian Empire, leaving them deeply terrified and in panic.

"It's doomsday!" one man shrieked with a terrified voice as he tried wading through the heavily congested streets of the town of Hajin. "We're all going to die!"

Unfortunately, his sentiment wasn't uncommon.

"This nation is as good as dead!"

"Dammit! I need to leave!"

"Move! Get out of the way!"

The authorities delicately regulated and directed the panicking crowds in the cities of the Kandrian Empire.

"Calm down, citizens of Hajin." The panicking townsmen froze as a powerful, elderly voice spread across the entirety of the town. It was powerful yet gentle.

"Panicking is neither needed nor helpful," Headmaster Aronian announced with a calm voice. "Please move towards the underground bunkers in and around the Town of Hajin in a calm and orderly manner. Your safety is guaranteed. I can assure you that much."

Emperor Rael had ordered the construction of powerful and highly secure bunkers capable of comfortably holding the entire population of the nation precisely for a day like this.

It was finally paying off now that war had been declared and even waged.

While the citizens were shepherded to safe bunkers, the upper echelons of the Kandrian Empire were even more shocked than the citizens.

It was rare that those in the know were caught so off-guard by such a massive development.

The least affected were the maritime and seafaring industries of the Kandrian Empire, yet they were forced to temporarily shut down all of their operations, much to their dismay. The various powerhouses in the finance, commercial, and industrial sectors experienced a sudden freeze in all their operations while the empire fully entered an official state of national emergency.

Even the Martial Union, the most powerful entity in the Kandrian Empire alongside the Emperor of Harmony, had no choice but to shut down all operations, missions, and commissions, domestic or international.

The human employees and members of the organization were forced to move to shelters and bunkers.

However, the Martial Artists were put to work.

They weren't civilians, after all.

Martial Apprentices and Squires were harnessed to aid the Ministry of Domestic Affairs to some degree, while all Martial Artists of higher Realms focused on approaching external threats.

Protocol A65-KND was a protocol that arranged Martial and military resources in the most optimal manner for a large Sage-level deep-strike force approaching the Kandrian Empire.

Yet, while the Kandrian Empire hastily prepared for the incoming strike force, the world had already learned of everything happening in the Kandrian Empire.

How could it not?

Anything that happened in a Sage-level powerhouse sent ripples across a section of the continent. The abrupt declaration of national emergency of the nation put all of East Panama into a state of shock.

"What the hell happened in that blasted nation that it had to declare an emergency?!"

"Tsk, it's the Kandrian Empire; something or the other is constantly happening."

"It must be due to President Raymond's declaration of war."

The world had yet to learn of the existence of the deep-strike force that was moving to the Kandrian Empire, even as they speculated on the reason for the national emergency. Thus, on the outside, many people could only assume it was in reaction to the declaration of war from the Republic of Gorteau that had come just a bit prior.

In this case, many could not help but think that the Emperor of Harmony was overreacting.

Yet, the upper echelons of the political sphere knew that this was not the case.

Emperor Rael did not do anything that could be framed as an overreaction.

His reaction meant that something big was underway.

The nations in the vicinity of the Kandrian Empire were particularly nervous and terrified, declaring their own emergencies even if they had no idea why the Emperor of Harmony had chosen to do so in the first place. Regardless, the fact that the Kandrian Empire did it was a good enough reason for them to do so as well. After all, whatever could threaten the mighty Kandrian Empire was enough to also threaten the puny nations in its domain of power.

Regardless, the entirety of the Panama Continent turned its gaze to the historic event that had unfolded in the Kandrian Empire with bated breaths.

Soon, the inception of the third Great East Panamic War would ensue, sparking a conflict that would define the future of human civilization.

-



Chapter 2211  Clarified Objective



While the whole of East Panama was rocked by the national emergency declared by the Kandrian Empire, Rui had his own thoughts and considerations regarding the matter.

He was pleased by the outcome.

He would get to experience grueling combat against the Martial Masters of the Sekigahara Confederate. He knew that the Sekigahara Confederate was generally considered to be the most Martially powerful state in recent years due to the slowdown of the Britannian Empire since the breakthrough of the Transcendent Emperor.

Of course, he knew that that no longer was true with the treasures that the Kandrian Empire possessed.

With things like the upgraded Squire evolution process from the Divine Doctor and the Hungry Pain, as well as his blessings for each individual Martial Body of the Upper Realms, there was a good chance that the Kandrian Empire had surpassed the Sekigahara Confederate with that alone.

However, the addition of the seven new Martial Sages alone was damning. With this, the Kandrian Empire would be officially recognized as the strongest Sage-level powerhouse in existence, with a whopping twenty-three Martial Sages on retainer.

That was more than any other powerhouse in existence.

He knew that they were quite secure on the Sage-level front in this new war.

The most difficult burden would fall on the shoulders of the Martial Masters of the Kandrian Empire. While Kandria had enough power to potentially equal the Sage-level combat potential of the three Sage-level powerhouses of East Panama, it most certainly was lacking, to a certain extent, in the Master Realm.

Of course, they were also lacking in the Squire and Senior realms, but that didn't matter because Squires and Seniors were too weak to affect the strategic outlook.

From the demographics of the deep strike force, Rui had already figured out that the goal of this operation was to tie up the Martial Sages and ensure that they couldn't intervene in the Master-level battles while using the Martial Masters to break into the Kandrian Empire and inflict damage to its key systems and sectors.

While most other Martial Masters cursed the Sekigahara Confederate, Rui was perhaps the only one who was grateful for this strategy. Immense pressure was exactly what he needed.

And he looked forward to it.

However, before he joined the Master-level interception force, he had some things to do.

STEP

He arrived at the Quarrier Orphanage, gently landing from the sky.

Even before his arrival, he could sense the negativity emanating from the minds of all of his friends and family with the mind sense of the Martial Mind. Anxiety, anguish, fear. It would be stranger if they didn't experience any of these.

"Big brother!" Max and Mana were the first to sense him.

"Big brother, we just heard the national emergency declared!" Mana exclaimed to him with a worried expression. "Are we under attack or something?" Max frowned.

"Yes," Rui confirmed with a calm expression. "We are under attack from the Sekigahara Confederate. I need the two of you to gather everybody and head to the outer districts in the town of Hajin."

The Martial Squires widened their eyes in surprise. "We're under attack…?!"

"There's no time to waste at all," Rui urged them. "I need the two of you to ensure that everybody gets to the bunkers in the town of Hajin."

He glanced at the other members of the orphanage who had caught up with him.

"Rui…" Julian gazed at him with a grave expression. "…Are we in danger?"

"No." Rui shook his head. "You're almost certainly not going to get hurt, I can assure you. The evacuation is just a precaution because we don't want to take chances, so make sure you head to the underground shelters, got it?"

Julian nodded with a solemn expression. "We'll get there."

"Good." Rui nodded. "I'd love to stay with you, but I need to head out to join the interception force, so I'll be seeing you after this is over."

A lot of the members of the orphanage stiffened as they realized he would undoubtedly be partaking in the war to protect the Kandrian Empire.

"Thank you and… be safe."

Rui smiled. "I will. You guys need to head to Hajin immediately, got it?"

They all nodded before bidding Rui goodbye.

Rui immediately headed toward the interception force that was preparing to head out and intercept the force that was rapidly heading their way even as they prepared.

The battle would not happen at the border of the Kandrian Empire.

It wouldn't happen anywhere near the Kandrian Empire at all.

If the enemy Martial Sages were allowed to reach the fort wall, then the risk of damage to the Kandrian Empire was too high. Thus, the Martial Sages needed to be intercepted far away from the Kandrian Empire to ensure that the nation's security was not compromised in an attempt to protect it.

The same was true for Master-level battles, albeit to a lesser degree. Martial Masters could not afford to fight at the border as that would undoubtedly spread harm in the Kandrian Empire due to the sheer amount of power that Masters were still capable of outputting.

Thus, both Realms of combat would occur in separate regions far away from the Kandrian Empire. n/ô/vel/b//jn dot c//om

That was why they could not afford to wait for the deep strike force to actually reach the Kandrian border.

STEP

Rui arrived at the military dispatch facility at the border, immediately heading to meet his fellow Masters.

He didn't fail to miss the nigh endless Apocalypse-class and Calamity-class siege weapons and heavy artillery that were being mounted on the walls of the fort.

As soon as the deep strike force entered the firing range of the border, they would immediately be bombarded with devastatingly catastrophic attacks that would alter the topography of the entire region.

"We of the Master Realm will be intercepting them about a thousand kilometers from the Kandrian Empire," Master Sera began as she addressed the many Masters gathered in the base. "Let me remind all of you that our goal is not to win battles, no. Our goal is to ensure that none of them get past us and reach the Kandrian Empire."

-



Chapter 2212  Tempered Psychology



Rui regarded her words with approval.

She was right. Victory in war was very different from victory in a duel between Martial Artists.

They weren't even remotely comparable. Not only were the conditions for what counted as a victory in the war different from the conditions for victory in a duel but the way one would go about the former was very different from the way one would in a duel.

That was the purpose of the little briefing that was being held for the Martial Masters of the Kandrian Empire.

"Killing one opponent and wounding another is considered a failure if you allow the latter to reach the Kandrian Empire while you're busy killing the former," Master Sera calmly informed the gathering of Masters here. "Injuring both opponents and ensuring that they remain with you and don't go anywhere, on the other hand, is considered a victory. I only hold these briefings because none of us have gotten any pressing border defense experience in recent times. Thus, it would behoove all of you to shake off all individualistic notions of victory in this operation."

It was a prudent choice.

There were probably several Martial Masters who would have fought with the intention of obtaining individual victories as much as possible.

She had keenly realized that and sought to break them out of this mindset rather than have such fools ruin the operation she was assigned to be the head of.

The reason that she was assigned to be the head of the Master-level interception force was rather simple.

She was the strongest.

Out of all one hundred and eighty-five Martial Masters in the Kandrian Empire, she was the absolute strongest without any dispute. She was one of the three grade-thirty Martial Masters that existed in all of East Panama and was considered to be a Sage seed, someone with a particularly high probability of breaking through.

"We're outnumbered," she continued. "The Sekigahara Confederate has essentially depleted all available Master-level resources in their nation at the time and thrown them at us. If not for the fact that we have a mysterious surge in the number of Martial Masters recently, we would be outnumbered even more significantly."

No one here knew that Rui was responsible for the accelerated breakthroughs except for theHarbinger herself and the headmasters and headmistresses of the academies who had cooperated with him on the breakthroughs.

It was true that without Rui, there would be much fewer Martial Masters at their disposal. Not only had he introduced the voidlet techniques all those years ago that were finally spreading to all layers of the Senior Realm, but he also broke them through in his spare time.

If not for that, they would be screwed in many ways, but Rael had taken all of this into consideration when he sent so many Martial Masters and Sages to the Beast Domain to get their hands on precious treasures that could be further used to elevate the Kandrian Empire.

"However, while we have a numeric disadvantage, we do have the element of surprise." Master Sera smiled. "All of our Martial Bodies are substantially stronger than ever before, unbeknownst to them and thanks to the Divine Doctor. Furthermore, we have trained for six years in the manifold, having made noticeable progress. On top of that, the information about our accelerated Master-level breakthroughs has not been disclosed yet. Thus, their numerical advantage will be much less than they were informed of."

A smile cracked at the edge of her mouth. "These miscalculations will catch them off-guard and will allow us to kill more than we can after they adapt. Faulty intelligence can be devastating if exploited correctly. And the way to do that is…"

Her smile grew sinister. "…to push yourself to the limit to kill as many of them at the very inception of the battle when they will be caught most off-guard."

The Masters listening to her stirred. "The shock from the faulty intelligence and the sudden deaths of several of their allies will most likely inflict a psychological blow," Master Sera continued with a knowing tone. "However, this will only amount to an advantage; it cannot singlehandedly turn the tides of the battle in our favor. After all, we're fighting the damn Sekigahara Confederate. Those bastards participate in wars multiple times every day. They're in their home element while we're outside our comfort zone due to the lack of serious war since the last Great East Panamic War."

Rui nodded appreciatively.

Her analysis of the psychological aspects of war was spot-on.

Then again, perhaps it ought not to be much of a surprise, considering her specialty and her Martial Path.

She was the only Martial Master he knew who possessed an academic degree aside from himself. She was a licensed therapist and psychiatrist in the Kandrian Empire, graduating from the Kandrian Institute of Humanities with honors when she had been a Senior. Of course, she didn't just do it for fun. No.

It had to do with her Martial Path.

Trauma Induction. n/ô/vel/b//in dot c//om

She diagnosed the mental health of her opponent's mid-battle using a system of thought created by her background in psychiatry and identified mental, emotional, temperamental, and personality weaknesses and damage in their mind.

And then, she broke them.

To be more precise, she used a second system of thought to identify exactly what needed to be communicated to them in order to trigger PTSD, panic and anxiety attacks, and mental and emotional breakdowns.

And in their mentally weakened state, she killed them.

She was also the only known Martial Artist in history to win battles by making her opponent commit suicide.

Not a single Martial Master dared to challenge her to combat. Not even a spar.

Nor did she accept the challenge that Rui had issued to her during his time in the manifold grinding for experience.

"Ah, young man." She had laughed at him. "I can't control my power. I would hate to make your path to the Sage Realm harder than it already is."

-



Chapter 2213: Greetings

﻿

Her presence as the leader of the operation brought great confidence to the group of masters she would be leading in the war against the Sekigahara Confederate. It was difficult to

imagine her losing to anybody in the Master Realm.

Yet, even she could only do so much.

For many Martial Masters, this was their first time in a Master-level battle of such scale.

The air tingled.

It pricked at the skin even after the briefing and the final preparations for the dispatch were complete.

"Rui."

His attention was drawn by his friends who approached him.

"How are you doing?" Master Ceeran asked with a stiff smile. "I had to psychologically condition myself to bring myself to peak form for this battle."

Rui understood his sentiment, of course.

But he didn't share it.

It took everything he had to stop a silly excited grin from appearing on his face.

"I'm doing just great," he replied with a restrained tone. "The past few months have been mind-numbingly boring. I look forward to not just this battle but to the entirety of the third Great East Panamic War."

Headmaster Aronian smiled warmly with a knowing tone. "I expected you to say that. You will finally gain the experience you sought. Although this battle will not give you the same amount of experience as the sparring battles you have had in the manifold, it will give you a far higher quality of experience. I suspect this war will be extremely fruitful in that regard and will most likely build your intuition and instinct far more than any amount of mundane sparring ever could."

Rui nodded. This was what he was hoping for as well. He hoped that this war would completely bridge the gap with higher quality experience that only something as significant as a Great East Panamic War could give him.

In addition, being faced with so many opportunities for Adaptive Evolution would give him the direction to create new techniques. After all, this was just as important as experience and was one avenue where he was lacking compared to other Martial Masters. He had not

saturated his Martial Art with as many techniques as possible.

Not even close.

This war would serve to show him what he needed and what the optimal path forward for his growth trajectory was.

"Be careful, however," Master Zentra cautioned. "It's all well and good to seek out more experience, but it won't do if you push too hard and end up dying due to going too far and biting more than you can chew. Understand your limits and push yourself to and not beyond them."

Rui nodded. "I am aware; I don't intend to do anything that will obviously get me killed."

"In addition, remember what the purpose of the operation is," Master Vericita reminded him. "While you may gain more experience from trying to fight this as if it were a duel, our objective is to block and, eventually, drive back our enemies."

Rui nodded again. "I do not intend to act against Kandria's interests."

The handful of Martial Masters conversed with each other as they prepared for dispatch, collecting everything from emergency potions to general poison antidotes to a transmitter and a receiver for coordination.

However, there wasn't much else.

Soon enough, all final preparations were complete.

Yet, the air only grew more tense as the moment of dispatch approached.

Each and every Martial Master knew that this battle would be far bigger than anything that they had experienced in the past ninety years.

Not even the previous Great East Panamic War had such enormous Master level battles

because there had been far fewer Martial Masters and Sages back then.

How often did a battle featuring hundreds of Martial Masters occur?

It was a very limited number, even if one expanded the scope to the entirety of the Panama Continent. Such things simply did not happen except rarely.

Yet, without warning, they had already been thrust into such an extreme situation. It would be strange if the pressure didn't mount on them tremendously.

It wasn't that they didn't have confidence. They most certainly did. However, war was an extremely chaotic event. They could end up succumbing to the sheer chaos that ensued rather than due to their own shortcomings.

RUMBLE...!

Suddenly, each Master felt chills crawling down their skin.

The Apocalypse and Calamity-class siege weapons mounted on the mighty fort walls bordering the Kandrian Empire began revving into power.

The sheer amount of power that these weapons were generating was horrifying.

It dwarfed even Martial Sages in raw power.

The seismic radiation that they generated only grew as even more power was slowly

accumulated.

Until they were fired off all at once.n/ô/vel/b//jn dot c//om

BOOOOOOOOOMMMMMM!!!!!

That was the day that Rui learned why they were called Calamity-class and Apocalypse-class

weapons.

They lived up to their name.

B000000000MMMMMM!!!!!

BOO0000000MMMMMM!!!!!

B000000000MMMMMM!!!!!

The weapons of mass destruction unloaded horrifying amounts of power one after another as massive and dense beams of pure annihilation emerged from the weapons, surging toward an incredibly distant, approaching target. Each of the beams expanded in diameter as they traveled across their trajectory to their targets more than ten thousand kilometers away. By the time they reached their targets, they were vast enough to encompass entire nations.

Their collisions razed the very foundation of the land, leaving nothing behind.

Nothing except for those who were powerful enough to dismiss the attacks, of course.

WHOOOSH!

With a single breath, the Martial Sages of the Sekigahara Confederate manipulated heaven

and earth to ward off the incoming devastating destruction.

Not even a single scratch could be seen upon their visages.

"Kandria greets us, brothers and sisters." An elegant masculine voice emerged from the man

at the lead of the deep strike force.

He lightly dusted off the simple kimono that loosely adorned his Martial Body, sweeping his

long flowing hair back.

"Since they've chosen to greet us so kindly..." his perilously soft voice continued as a bloodlust-laden smile appeared on his face, "We should return the favor, shouldn't we?"

Predatory grins lit up the faces of Martial Artists of Sekigahara Confederate as they continued

down their paths, undeterred.

The battle had begun.



Chapter 2214  Commencing Battles



"Target distance is approximately fifteen thousand kilometers."

"Increasing precision factor by about forty percent."

As the Martial forces of the Sekigahara Confederate continued toward the Kandrian Empire, the teams and divisions assigned to the operation of each Apocalypse-Class and Calamity-class siege weapon continued to adjust the parameters of the powerful weapons to suit the distance of their targets.

The closer they got to the Kandrian Empire, the more precisely and accurately they were targeted. They would face more power and experience greater resistance as a result. They would have to rely more on evading rather than defending, for the power and destruction would be in excess of even Martial Sages.

Eventually, they would reach a point where they had to be actually stopped, for any closer and their attacks would be able to reach the Kandrian Empire.

"That is when Their Sagehoods will engage with the enemies," Master Sera calmly remarked aloud. "We will engage with the enemy Martial Master when they're poised to reach a distance of a thousand kilometers from the border of the Kandrian Empire. We head out the moment the long-range surveillance division of the Kandrian Border Patrol Force tells us to. So remain on stand-by."

The Master-level interception force grew ever more tense as they waited for the signal to come. War was soon to grace them.

However they weren't going to be the first to have a chance.

VMMMmmm…

They stiffened when the siege weapons stopped their onslaughts, powering down.

It was a sign. A sign that none of them failed to understand.

Neither the Kandrians nor the Sekigaharans.

Far away from the battlefield, the Martial Sages of the Sekigahara Confederate grinned with excitement and battlelust.

Silence overtook the battlefield in the absence of the onslaughts from the siege weapons.

Yet, it was merely the calm before the storm.

"Here they come…" The leader of the Sekigaharan Martial force smiled softly as his powerful senses detected the incoming forces. "Masters of the Sekigahara Confederate, it is time to circle around and continue your journey to the Kandrian Empire. We will hold them back and ensure they don't turn their power against you."

He turned, eying all of them. "We Martial Sages will join you after we have defeated our counterparts, once and for all."

A hundred and ten Martial Masters nodded as bloodlust flashed in their eyes. They took off to the sides, trying to get as far away from the region that was soon to become the battleground for Martial Sages of two Sage-level powerhouses.

Nine Martial Sages stood.

They waited.

Until they no longer had to.

BOOOOOOM!!!

A devastating attack of heaven and earth crashed into them, threatening to destroy them where they stood.

Alas, the Martial Sages of the Sekigahara Confederate were not done in so easily.

WHOOSH!

The leader at the forefront of his peers exerted himself as he activated a breathing technique, suppressing the flush of power that surged toward them with ease.

"Impatient as ever…" He smiled. "Damian." n/o/vel/b//in dot c//om

In the blink of an eye, a fist surged towards him, barely giving him time to block it.

BOOOOOM!!!

The sheer power of the attack released a tide of seismic energy that uprooted all land within thousands of kilometers. Yet, it didn't so much as perturb either of them.

"Shinken." Sage Damian grinned with a wild smile. "Today, we will settle once and for all…"

His eyes flared with bloodlust. "Which one of us is the strongest!"

Sage Shinken smiled with an amused expression. "Do you intend to fight all nine of us all by yourself? Where are your friends? I've missed them, you see."

"Heh!" Sage Damian's grin only widened with anticipation. "Let me introduce you to my friends. Say hello."

WHOOSH!

Sage Shinken's eyes widened as eight more Martial Sages emerged from behind him.

It wasn't their numbers that shocked him.

No.

What shocked him was their identities.

"You…" His eyes swept across the Martial Sages that reinforced Sage Damian.

A single question escaped him.

"Who the fuck are you guys???"

He stared at all the newly arrived Martial Sages with an aghast expression. He didn't recognize most of them.

After all, most of the seven Martial Sages of the Kandrian Empire had been out of commission for many years and even decades. It was no wonder that the Martial Sage of the Shinken Clan hadn't the faintest clue who most of them were. The only one he did recognize was the Underworld Sage, Sage Aggragor, who stood poised with a deeply unwilling expression as he faced off against the Martial Sages of the Sekigahara Confederate.

The others, however, he didn't Sage Damian only grew more gleeful as he beheld Sage Shinken's confusion.

Yet, he didn't permit it to linger.

BOOOOOM!!!

A second blow surged forward at extraordinary velocities, sending ripples through space and time. Sage Shinken gritted his teeth as he barely managed to block it in time, caught off-guard by the revelation of the Martial Sages of the Kandrian Empire.

"You don't have time to focus on them, Shinken." Sage Damian's expression steeled with malevolent bloodlust. "Your opponent is me and only me."

Sage Shinken's eyes flared with chilling peril.

"So be it." A whisper escaped him. "I will show you that you are not my equal. His Realms of power revved to top gear.

"You never were."

BOOOOOOOOOOMMM!!!!

A horrifying wave of power erupted from their battle, threatening to deteriorate the local tectonic plate they occupied.

Heaven and earth screamed under the astronomical weight of the onslaught that the two peak Martial Sages unleashed upon the world.

They were forces of nature unto themselves.

The battle between the two strongest Martial Sages of their respective nations created a maelstrom of power so enormous that even the other Martial Sages flinched, stepping away to a different region in the blink of an eye.

They merely exchanged a single glance before all hell broke loose.

BOOOOOOM!!! BOOOOOOM!!! BOOOOOOM!!!

The newest Martial Sages of the Kandrian Empire leaped into action, racing after targeted opponents. Each of them had been briefed on the Martial Sages of all three powerhouses. They knew which Martial Sages they had the best synergy and combination against, and they deliberately avoided Martial Sages they knew that they were not suited to perform against.

-



Chapter 2215  Strategic Choices



Sage Kole Kellin would be lying if she said her nerves didn't tingle.

This was her first true battle in more than a decade.

It was also her first time executing an order by the Emperor to whom she had pledged her undying loyalty.

In other words, it was the first time she had the opportunity to pay back some of the astronomical debt she owed her new home and her new liege.

She needed to perform.

If she didn't, then she would be conceding that she was unworthy of the miracle that Emperor Rael had bestowed upon her.

'Anything but that…' Her expression grew steely as she balled her fists before activating her most powerful technique.

The Divine Inferno Fist technique.

FWHOOOSH!

White hot fires emerged, encompassing the entirety of her fists, crackling as she exerted herself to maintain control over them.

To call them an inferno was a misnomer.

After all, they weren't flames.

No.

They were plasma.

Not just any kind of plasma but a particularly hyper-heated plasma known as quark-gluon plasma that was matter broken down to its most fundamental constituents and forces. At the Sage Realm, fire was a primitive source of energy and a paltry means of attack. Thus, upon entry to the Sage Realm, she had tapped into the greater forces that governed the very universe itself.

Discovering and mastering this exotic form of matter and energy had been the most difficult task in her entire life, but once she had succeeded, her lethality had risen so much that it had been enough to propel her to become a high-grade Martial Sage.

With the power of high principles, her technique and Martial Art had been reborn.

She was the Master of the Inferno Fist.

"HA!" She surged forward to her opponent with a fiery expression as her fists—shining with white-hot plasma—flew towards him.

BOOOM!! BOOOM!! BOOOM!!

"Urgh…!" Her opponent grimaced with a furious expression. "Damn you!"

Sage Senpu leaped back as his hands burned under the temperature of Sage Kole's inferno fist, gritting his teeth. She set him up.

He knew it for a fact.

"What's the matter?" Sage Kole growled, narrowing her eyes. "You wanted a war, didn't you? Well…"

Her bloodlust surged as she shot toward him at a high pace. "You got one."

A smile appeared on his crumpled expression as he ignored her incoming attack, activating a wind attack and pointing it to his side, away from her.

In the direction of the Kandrian Empire.

Sage Kole's expression grew grave as she shifted directions with haste.

WHOOOOOSH!!!

A powerful wind blast surged toward the Kandrian Empire.

One that possessed the power to level the entire nation flat.

Only to be chopped down by the might of her Divine Inferno Fist just in time.

BOOOM!!!

She used the heat of her technique to dispel the wind currents, protecting Kandria from destruction.

For a moment, the two Martial Sages faced each other in silence as their Martial Minds and systems of thought revved into full power.

The bald Martial Sage tucked the sleeves of his Martial attire as he fell into thought, gazing at the white plasma crackling around the fists of Sage Kole.

She was the worst type of opponent for him.

His Martial Path was Kinetic Redirection.

He manipulated the flow of power and momentum of his opponent's attacks after coming into contact with them and used it against them. At the Sage Realm, he had even gone as far as to incorporate space manipulation, one of the highest principles of high principles known in all of Martial Art.

However, it was ineffective against her type.

Specifically, the type of offensive Martial Artist that didn't rely on momentum to inflict damage but through a principle that allowed them to inflict damage just by contact alone. This was the type he was most ill-suited to handle. Redirection required contact, after all.

However, against her, he couldn't afford to make contact with much of her arm.

Thus, many of his techniques were rendered obsolete.

"You…" His eyes narrowed. "You planned for this, didn't you, Sage Kole?"

She wasn't surprised that he recognized her after she activated her technique. Even though he probably had no idea who she was prior due to how infrequently she had made public appearances during her time in the Panamic Martial Federation, only an idiot would not put the pieces together after seeing her unique, flashy technique.

"Perhaps I did," she calmly replied even as her systems of thought furiously processed her circumstances.

As a full-contact, close-range fighter, her greatest strategic challenge in battles tended to be actually getting a hit on her opponents. After all, after seeing the lethality of her technique, her opponents did everything in their power to ensure they didn't get touched by her.

It was because of this that her Martial Mind was filled with strategic and tactical systems of thought that allowed her to get into contact with her opponent. Under normal circumstances, she would have already been aggressively pursuing them already. However, there were variables that changed these circumstances. n/ô/vel/b//jn dot c//om

Her goal was not victory.

At least, not yet.

She needed to stall and tire her opponent out.

After all, the Kandrian Empire possessed more Martial Sages that had yet to be deployed.

They were waiting for the right moment.

Too soon, the enemy Martial Sages would simply adopt a highly defensive and retreating strategy, and this would allow the Kandrian forces to wipe out the Martial Masters of the Sekigahara Confederate.

However, killing Martial Sages was far more desirable for their strategic long-term victory in this war than just killing Martial Masters. That was why the other Martial Sages of the Martial Union were hidden, waiting for the right moment.

The perfect ambush.

All Sage Kole really needed to do was ensure that the Kandrian Empire did not come to harm in the time being. Killing her opponent was not a priority right now; tiring him out so that his reaction time and reflexes were slower than their peak was the most optimal outcome.

Once his stamina plummeted to such a level, he would be more vulnerable to ambushes than ever before.

-



Chapter 2216  Won't Fail A Second Time



BOOOM BOOOM BOOOM!!!

Many strategic considerations flashed in the minds of the Martial Sages of both sides as they fought against each other.

The appearance of seven brand-new Martial Sages on whom they didn't have any strategic intelligence on was unnerving to the Sekigaharan Martial Sages.

This was an extreme failure of intelligence on the part of the Nindo Clan. The fact that their intelligence wing had been unable to learn of the existence of seven new Martial Sages in the Kandrian Empire in and of itself was grounds to abort the operation and return back to the Sekigahara Confederate.

However, they could not do that, for they could not communicate with their Martial Masters.

In other words, they had no choice but to ensure that they fulfilled their part of the strategy no matter what.

Yet, it was deeply sub-optimal.

They could not help but feel like they had completely lost the initiative even though they had been the ones boldly marching towards the Kandrian Empire with the intention of destroying it.

What especially made them grave was the fact that they knew that this was not everything that the Kandrian Empire had as far as Martial Sages went. They had received credible intelligence that many of the Martial Sages of the Kandrian Empire were in the Beast Domain, fetching highly precious resources with a miraculous success rate.

They had expected to fight the remaining Martial Sages of the Kandrian Empire in a roughly even battle, yet they now faced seven brand-new Martial Sages who had appeared out of nowhere. Didn't that mean that there definitely were more Martial Sages that had yet to show themselves?

Sage Senpu grew solemn as he realized he couldn't afford to give them any slack if the Sekigaharan strike force wanted to salvage this catastrophe of an operation.

Seven additional Martial Sages was such an enormous oversight that Sage Senpu was resolved to wipe out the Nindo Clan once he got back home.

Yet, he knew that their failure in detecting these Martial Sages was not due to their own incompetence as much as it was due to the extraordinary competence of the Emperor of Harmony.

WHOOSH WHOOSH WHOOSH!

Sage Senpu evaded scorching blows from Sage Kole as his expression grew ugly thinking about the Emperor of Harmony. "That bastard…" he growled with frustration. If he was right, then the other Martial Sages were just like Sage Kole in that they were once long-retired crippled Martial Sages who had been healed. Even putting aside the fact that such a thing should have been patently impossible, the fact that the Emperor of Harmony had chosen to showcase them instead of hiding them as trump cards pissed him off.

They were a deterrence.

It was a message.

"Do not mess with Kandria, is it?" Sage Senpu's eyes flared with rage. "Fuck you."

His arm stretched out in the direction of the Kandrian Empire as he activated many more attacks, one after another, threatening to destroy the nation.

THWHOOSH THWHOOSH THWHOOSH!!!

Instantly, Sage Kole swerved as she sped to intercept the attacks one after another, dispelling them.

He soared to the sky, tossing attacks in the direction of the Kandrian Empire in rapid succession from many different angles, forcing her to push herself to the limit of her speed to keep up with the attacks.

BOOOM!!! BOOOM!!! BOOOM!!!

Sage Kole swiftly chopped down each and every attack he threw in the direction of the Kandrian Empire. Had it not been for the fact that speed was a parameter she had strived to heighten after her lethality, she would have never been able to keep up with each and every single attack thrown in the direction of the Kandrian Empire.

"Rgh…!" She gritted her teeth as she pushed herself to the very limit to deal with the onslaught of attacks that flew toward the Kandrian Empire. Because the nation was so goddamned enormous, Sage Senpu had a huge amount of leeway when it came to targeting it. Even if his aim was off by a significant angle, the attack would still hit some part of the Kandrian Empire.

After all, not only was the Kandrian Empire absolutely enormous in its area, but it also was in the shape of a strip, making it a very wide target for any attacker that chose to attack it from the western side.

Thus, even if Sage Kole was more than powerful enough to go toe to toe against Sage Senpu and even defeat him due to his poor compatibility, he could still put her on the back foot when it came to a battle to protect or destroy the Kandrian Empire.

"HAHAHA…!" A maniacal laugh escaped him as he fired attacks one after another. "Yes, that's it! Dance! Dance for me!"

THWHOOOSH! THWHOOOSH! THWHOOOSH!

He unleashed a barrage of attacks in different angles and directions toward various parts of the Kandrian Empire, threatening to wreak havoc across the entire nation.

"Tsk." Sage Kole gritted her teeth with frustration as she leaped with all the speed and agility she was able to muster, shooting at each wind blast and dispelling them upon simple contact with her potent Divine Inferno Fists.

Thankfully, dispelling each attack took no more than an instant with a simple graze. Her striking technique was one of extraordinary lethality, powered by particularly high principles.

However, the wind attacks that Sage Senpu threw in the direction of the Kandrian Empire weren't even his specialty. They were just unsophisticated wind attacks that just about any Martial Sage could conjure up at their Realm of power.

She was grateful that he was a counteroffensive specialist—it meant he did not possess any inherently high degree of offensive power. Yet, despite that, she was put on the back foot.

With each attack he shot toward the Kandrian Empire, she inevitably took a step back while he took a step front.

They both got closer and closer to the Kandrian Empire.

That was bad, for the closer they got, the greater the probability of harm to the Kandrian Empire! n/ô/vel/b//in dot c//om

"Not on my watch," Sage Kole growled as her eyes blazed with determination. "I won't fail to protect my home a second time."

The battle between the Martial Sages continued to rise in intensity.

-



Chapter 2217  War



The battles between the Martial Sages raged hard as the two sides fought to accomplish the goals that they had set out to achieve.

The Sages of Kandria fought to ensure no harm came to their empire from their enemies, while those of the Sekigahara Confederate fought to pressure their opponents and ensure that they would not be able to redirect their attention elsewhere.

After all, they needed their Martial Masters to be unperturbed by the Sages of Kandria. This meant that they needed to exert enough pressure to ensure that when the additional Sages made their appearance in battle, it would be solely to reinforce the Sage-level war front.

Of course, the Sages of the Sekigahara Confederate did not put their faith in Masters alone.

Their true plan had yet to begin.

For now, even with the massive oversight in the number and identities of Martial Sages present in the Kandrian Empire, they had a path forward to victory.

While the Martial Sages fought, the Sekigaharan Masters advanced to the thousand-kilometer distance from the Kandrian Empire. The closer they got, the more of a threat they were.

"This is it," Master Sera lightly declared, turning around to meet the gaze of her fellow Martial Masters. "Do not use your Hearts and Minds until we enter battle, got it? Conserve as much power for the actual war itself. You won't have time to use stamina potions once the battle commences."

The Martial Masters behind nodded affirmatively.

Each one of them knew that once the battle began, they would need every ounce of stamina they could muster to engage the Masters of the Sekigahara Confederate and ensure that none of them reached the Kandrian Empire.

It would be all-out warfare across an enormous battlefield.

Anything could happen to anybody, especially when they are surrounded by hundreds of battles.

They did not follow an orthodox and organized military style of division of specialty into different sections.

Martial Artists were individualists.

Unless they'd received dedicated training in coordination and combination, it was almost impossible for them to be able to engage in teamwork with other Martial Artists. And the Master-level interception force was a shabby mix of Martial Masters from different organizations. Most were from the Martial Union, while the rest were from different departments and divisions of the government and the Royal Army and Navy.

They had no choice but to dig up every single Martial Master they could from everywhere to put up a force that could match the might of the enormous Master-level strike force that was deployed by the Sekigahara Confederate.

There was no hope for coordination.

Their only hope was that the same thing was true for their enemies.

It would end up being every man for himself.

That was how the war in the upper Realms worked.

Each and every one of them knew that.

They knew that this was the unspoken truth that was best left unsaid.

Yet, it bore down on them, putting immense pressure on each of them.

The air grew heavy as the moment of deployment drew closer, soon to arrive.

And it did.

"It's time." Master Sera's demeanor shifted.

It grew distorted with malevolent bloodlust as a sinister smile cracked at the edge of her mouth.

"Master-level interception force, dispatching," she spoke into a transmitter before tossing the artifact away as she surged forward.

"Let's go show those savages that we're not to be messed with."

The atmosphere tingled with tension as the Master-level interception force shot out of the dispatch center from the forts that protected the Kandrian Empire, leaving the nation behind them as they moved to meet the enemy at dusk.

The macabre twilight melted as dusk made way for darkness.

A meaningless daily event. One that would have been entirely insignificant on any other day.

Yet, it tightened their hearts, mounting even greater pressure on their hearts.

Amidst the grave atmosphere around Ruithere were those who only grew brighter.

He needed to exert physical effort to keep a wide grin from forming on his face. It would be his first experience of genuine life-or-death combat in the Master Realm. Even his fight with Master Uma had never been that, considering that even she had not fought with the end goal of killing him.

He needed to be truly pushed beyond his limits for the precious experience and fuel for the growth of his Martial Art.

Yet, more than just calculated gains, he wanted to fight.

He wanted a battle.

Or, to be more precise, he wanted the opportunity to deploy the vast power of his Martial Art in abandon. Unlike Nel, it was not violence that excited him. It was the love he had for Martial Art, specifically his Flowing Void Style, that made him excited for combat.

"There they are."

The air boiled with anticipation.

It prickled at the skin.

Rui's eyes lit up as he sensed the bloodlust long before he could actually see his enemies.

Just how much did those Sekigaharans want to kill them?

He looked forward to finding out.

He couldn't wait.

And he didn't need to.

There they were.

"AAATTTTAAAACKKKK!!!" A thundering command was bellowed by the man at the head of the Sekigaharan strike force. His command went both ways.

BADUMP!!!

At that moment, two hundred and four Martial Hearts and Minds blazed into power, empowering each Martial Master to their peaks.

Less than a microsecond later, the battle broke out.

BOOM BOOM BOOM!!!

The long-range Martial Masters began firing at each other from a distance while the defensive Martial Masters shielded themselves and those around them from the incoming attacks. n/ô/vel/b//jn dot c//om

RUMBLE!

Heaven and earth shook under the combined might of such an enormous amount of power concentrated within such a limited vicinity. The sheer power that the Martial Masters outputted was enough to reshape the entire region, causing them to grow stronger.

The two forces drew closer, firing at each other in abandon until they clashed.

Countless fists, charges, and bullrushes were exchanged as the two forces clashed with one another.

-



Chapter 2218  Kill Him!



BOOOOOOM!!!

The sheer amount of power that the Martial Masters collectively outputted was so great that one would have thought that two Martial Sages were going all out if one didn't know better.

The battle had begun.

Countless Martial Embodiments bloomed across the entire battle. Each of them was unique in their own way.

Each of them reflected the Martial Mind of their respective Master.

Together, their collective might overwrote the entire world. It formed a beautiful cascade of Embodiments that painted heaven and earth with their ephemeral beauty in a tapestry that stretched as far as the eye could see.

It was horrifying, yet even more beautiful.

Yet, one Martial Embodiment stood out among them.

One Embodiment was not like others.

One Embodiment was stronger than all of them.

From within the depths of his mind, an infinite void expanded, consuming everything and everybody as a euphoric smile spread on his face.

For a moment, every single Martial Master froze as the void of information spread across the entire battle.

For a moment, they were all solely aware of a single Martial Artist.

"KILL THE DAWNBRINGER!" The leader of the Masters of the Sekigahara Confederate bellowed at the Masters of the Sekigahara Confederate. "KILL HIM BEFORE HE GAINS THE POWER TO KILL US ALL!"

"Eh…?" Rui froze. "Wait. Let's talk abou—"

"KILL HIM!" A wave of Martial Masters leaped towards it, oozing a wave of bloodlust.

They had but one target.

The most prodigious genius the Age of Martial Art had ever beheld.

"Oh, come on!" Rui gritted his teeth as he leaped away, activating Nemean Blossom as an unavoidable tsunami of attacks flooded his direction. He swiftly activated the Angel of Laplace, seeing their past and the path they took to get here. He used the data to compute a preliminary predictive model with the pattern recognition system of the VOID algorithm.

Ever since he broke through to the Master Realm, this process had begun happening almost instantaneously, so much so that it might as well have never happened. Yet, in just the blink of an eye, he could see their future.

WHOOSH WHOOSH WHOOSH!

He bobbed and weaved around the incoming flow of attacks with astonishing precision and accuracy, deactivating Nemean Blossom.

Ever since he consumed the Sandflower Nectar Potion, he could use the Metabody for more than half an hour continuously at full power.

However, wars and battles continued for far longer than just a fraction of an hour.

They could go on for many hours, perhaps even a day.

He could not afford to burn through all that stamina so quickly.

With the preliminary predictive models in place, he gained a modicum of respite as he was able to avoid the flood of attacks that converged on him.

BOOM BOOM BOOM!!!

Rui gritted his teeth as he narrowly avoided a barrage of sharp wind currents and sonic projectiles.

"I'm not even the strongest here!" He complained, grimacing as he activated Phantom Step, confounding them with a series of well-timed feints.

Yes, he wanted experience.

No, he did not want to die.

Unbeknownst to him, however, the power of the Sun technique that Rui had used in the Panamic Martial Federation had left a deep impression on the enemies of the Kandrian Empire.

Even if it was a forbidden technique, to think that a mere Master could touch upon a Realm of power belonging to those who achieved enlightenment of self was beyond their fathoming.

He was a threat in every Master-level battle.

What if he used that technique in this battle?

What if he gets pushed far enough to decide that he will take them all with him?

If they won the battle like they intended to, it would undoubtedly mean that the Dawnbringer was bound to die.

If he could sense he was going to die anyway, then there was no demerit in using the suicidal forbidden technique.

That is why the Masters of the Sekigahara Confederate had come to a single conclusion.

The Dawnbringer needed to die early in the battle, preferably at the very beginning of the battle.

BOOM BOOM BOOM!!!

Rui gritted his teeth as he evaded another flood of attacks, barely keeping track of where all his aspiring killers were. He failed.

WHOOSH

His eyes widened as a sword swung at his neck faster than he could react.

"Die."

It surged to his throat in the briefest of moments.

It certainly would have killed him if not for the timely intervention.

THWOOSH!!

A powerful blast of wind crashed into the sword arm of the Sekigaharan swordsmen, delaying the swing enough.

WHOOSH!

Rui leaped away as the blade cleaved through the heavens with its ferocious power. He glanced in the direction that the blast of wind emerged.

Master Ceeran threw him a quick nod as he resumed his battle with his adversary. There was no time to exchange pleasantries in battle.

"Damn…" Rui caught his breath as his hand instinctively went to his neck, almost as if to verify that it was still there. "Tsk, I wouldn't have missed that in any ordinary circumstances, but…" n/ô/vel/b//in dot c//om

This was war.

There were Masters fighting all around the entire battlefield, compressed within a small battleground as the Sekigaharan Masters didn't move too far away from each other to ensure that their numerical advantage would shine the most.

It also meant that it was impossible to keep track of everything happening in the war.

He could be taken out with even a bit of carelessness.

WHOOSH!

A Martial Master appeared before him, swinging down hard, threatening to knock Rui out then and there.

Unfortunately, Rui had no intention of being caught off-guard a second time.

WHOOSH

He swerved, avoiding the blow as he thrust his most powerful attack.

BOOOM!!

The Yin-Yang Spear struck true, permeating its immense power deep into the vitals of its target.

"Rgh…!" The Sekigaharan Martial Master grimaced. "Damn yo—!"

"Phantom Pain." "AAAARRRRGHHH!!!" He bellowed as the pain magnified tenfold..

BAM!

A swift blow to the chin knocked him out then and there.

-



Chapter 2219  Challenge



Yet, that wasn't all.

CRACK!!!

Rui flattened his skull without even the slightest hesitation.

The unconscious Martial Master died then and there.

The first casualty of the Master-level battle had occurred.

It was not missed.

Rui turned as his eyes swept the battlefield, meeting the bloodlusting gaze of the Sekigaharan Masters. The elation he had felt from gaining more experience was gone. It was in the first place. It was an emotion that had no place in a battlefield, breeding immense complacency that almost got him killed.

"You want to kill me?" His furious voice echoed across the battlefield. "Well…"

His eyes narrowed.

In their depths stirred an endless darkness.

A void.

"…Here I am."

For a moment, the battle seemed to pause the Rui's overwhelming Martial Embodiment swept across the entire battlefield, snuffing all other Martial Embodiments as though they were merely flames before his inferno.

Unbeknownst to him, in the Sekigahara Confederate, this was considered an insult and a provocation.

A declaration of superiority.

Countless Sekigaharan Martial Masters glared at him with bloodlust.

In just a moment, several Martial Masters flooded him from all directions. n/ô/vel/b//in dot c//om

"Die, little bastard!" they roared with furious bloodlust.

Unfortunately for them, they didn't have as much luck as last time.

"Speed Void." Rui bent heaven and earth as his domain expanded, enveloping all his incoming opponents.

WHOOSH!

"Eh…?" Their eyes widened as Rui casually evaded their full, slowed-down attacks with little effort.

WHOOSH WHOOSH WHOOSH!

They gritted their teeth as they fought against a speed-draining high drag coefficient that refused to allow them to reach their full speed.

That, in combination with the predictive models that he had already built on them, avoiding their attacks was quite easy for Rui, especially with a technique like Phantom Step that confounded when he used it to disappear in their faces.

Rui's fighting style shifted radically as he adapted to both his opponents and his circumstances.

He used a partial Neo-Godspeed while his stance changed as he shifted around bobbing about the entire place, centering his legs together to reduce the timeframe for shifting directions or speeding up and slowing down.

He became exceptionally difficult to so much ass touch.

WHOOSH WHOOSH WHOOSH!

The Sekigaharan Martial Masters around him gritted their teeth as they went all out, using the full power of their Hearts, Art, and Minds as they did their best to harm him.

WHOOSH

He avoided a powerful thrust, side-stepping as he backflipped after evading the wrestling charge.

WHOOSH WHOOSH!!

He evaded a spinning kick to the head, sky-walking to the air as he simultaneously evaded charges.

"GET HIM!" they charged into the air, refusing to let him escape.

However, much to their chagrin, the domain followed him into the air, slowing down their attacks even more since they were slower skywalking than on the ground.

WHOOSH WHOOSH WHOOSH!

Rui immediately went all-out with defense as he bounced about his domain, evading the attacks they threw at him.

The Speed Void domain was the most optimal choice to adaptively evolve to his circumstances and opponents. Just the fact that he had multiple opponents was a good reason to focus on domains.

After all, domains typically had an effect on the entirety of the field they covered. Thus, it was useful for getting all of his opponents.

Furthermore, dodging took little effort compared to the powerful and lethal attacks that they hurtled at him. Thus, he could drain their energy reserves long before he tired out. Then, he could effortlessly kill them after tha— "You think it will be that easy?"

Rui felt chills crawling down his spine as Primordial Instinct rang alarms in his head.

WHOOSH!!!

Rui barely evaded an immensely powerful attack.

BOOOM!!!

The sheer power of the blow tore apart his domain with its devastating impact on the heavens.

Rui's expression grew severe as he swiftly turned around, leaping away as he beheld the new threat that had intervened in his battle.

"Master Kaijin!" The Masters of the Sekigahara Confederate bowed to him despite the war that surrounded them. "We are gratefu—"

"Shut up."

His voice was deep and raspy. His muscular body was littered with scars underneath his Martial dougi.

His fierce eyes glared at the Sekigaharan Master around him with contempt.

"You weaklings couldn't defeat a snot-nosed brat who entered the Master Realm three years ago?" They flinched at his words. "Master Kaijin—"

"Enough." He growled. "Go join the others and weather down the Kandrian Masters, you useless louts…"

His gaze shifted to Rui, flashing with bloodlust.

"Yes, Master Kaijin!

They scurried off, leaving the two remaining Martial Masters to their devices.

"You know," Rui began, heaving a sigh. "Next time you try to provoke me with petty insults, don't be so extra."

He directed a steely gaze at the powerful Martial Master.

"You're transparent."

A smile appeared on Master Kaijin's face. "Hoho, it appears that rumors of the wisdom beyond your age were not wrong. I had hoped that, given your youth and the overwhelming success that has been your Martial Art career, you would have an ego proportional to your unfathomable talent, but it appears not. In that case…"

He adopted a wide-legged stance as his powerful arms stretched out before him with the fingers of his flat palm facing him.

A classic Karate stance.

"…I challenge you to a battle, Master Rui," his tone grew more intense yet respectful. "I have looked forward to fighting the Void Prince of the Kandrian Empire for a long time."

It was deeply odd to be challenged formally in the middle of a war.

Yet, it was nothing out of par for the martial culture of the Sekigahara Confederate. "Should you accept," Master Kaijin continued. "You will not be ambushed for the duration of our fight as they have undoubtedly witnessed my challenge to you."

His eyes flashed with battle lust.

Yet, they lit up with elation when he saw Rui take a stance before him.

"I accept your challenge," Rui's tone was intense. "You see…"

His eyes narrowed.

"I love fighting people stronger than me."

-



