Chapter 2140  Lacking Intuition



Rui had to admit that he hadn't so much as detected a whiff of the poison, both literally and metaphorically.

Yet, by the time he knew of it, it had already been coursing through his veins. His body felt like it was on fire, yet, simultaneously, he felt himself losing control. It appeared that the poison's primary purpose was paralysis. It made sense, considering how hard he had damaged Master Zentra with his Yin-Yang Spear technique after the SOUL System had kicked in. Had Rui been able to move at all, he would have won regardless of what the poison did to him since he was already so close to victory.

"Damn it…" Rui cursed as he focused on trying to regain control of his body.

Master Zentra, on the other hand, was seeing far beyond him.

"Your Highness…" He coughed. "Why don't we call this a draw?" Nôv(el)B\\jnn

His condition was poor, so much so that even getting up and finishing Rui would require a tremendous amount of exertion, more than he was able to muster. It was highly unlikely that Rui would be able to overcome the poison if he hadn't already.

An opponent either could deal with poison or they couldn't. There was seldom any in between.

"Rgh…!" Rui gritted his teeth. "Damn…!"

"The poison was constituted in my body after subjecting samples of your blood to various tests to see what poison would be quickest-acting and most effective." Master Zentra coughed. "My system of thought allowed me to synthesize the best poison for the circumstances. You won't be able to overcome it. I would suggest that we call it a draw and seek medical treatment."

Rui stopped struggling for a moment as he considered the esteemed Master's words.

Frankly, the only reason he was reluctant was because he wanted to defeat his opponent. However, as far as the purpose of the battle went—gaining experience—he had already achieved it.

"…Fine." Rui heaved a tired sigh. "A draw it is."

Master Zentra smiled softly. "It was a good fight."

Soon after, the two Martial Masters received the medical attention that they needed, rapidly returning to their peak conditions. Rui needed to undergo more elaborate medical procedures due to the fact that the poison had to be extracted from his bloodstream. Thankfully, Master Zentra cooperated with the medical team to help them diagnose it sooner.

Seeing that the medical team couldn't do it on their own, Rui couldn't help but grow more curious about the technique and system of thought that helped Master Zentra equalize the game and extract a draw from him.

"You need to have real knowledge of chemistry and esoteric chemistry to be able to synthesize poisons inside your body in the middle of a battle," Rui remarked with interest, approaching the man after his medical treatments were complete. "Other poison Martial Artists don't synthesize poisons inside their body; they just condition their body to grow immune to them."

Master Zentra shifted his gaze to Rui. "It wasn't just a matter of learning about poisons. I also needed to have an intimate understanding of how the human body worked. I needed to develop an understanding of how both poisons functioned and how the human body worked in order to develop the relevant poison-creation technique and the system of thought to be able to diagnose my opponent's various poison resistances. This knowledge was the reason that I was assigned as the evaluator of the value of your Hungry Pain technique."

Rui recalled his presentation of the Hungry Pain technique soon upon his return to the Kandrian Empire nearly a decade or so ago. It had been his first time meeting Master Zentra.

"It's an incredibly unique technique and system of thought," Rui offered. "I don't think I've ever come across a system of thought this divergent and different."

"It is an honor to hear that from the master of systems of thought, but you will come to learn that it isn't revolutionary among poison-oriented Martial Masters," Master Zentra calmly stated. "It is unique in that only someone with my Martial Body could execute it to such a degree. One of the reasons that you didn't see it coming is precisely due to your inexperience. A more experienced Martial Artist who had been exposed to a large variety of Martial Masters in combat would have intuitively recognized the dangers."

Rui heaved a sigh. "Ever since I reached the Master Realm, I have been confronted by my lack of experience time and time again."

Master Zentra regarded him with a knowing look. "Frankly, it would not have mattered nearly as much had you not broken through to the Master Realm. While your inexperience wouldn't have suddenly disappeared due to your lower Realm, it wouldn't have mattered nearly as much because Martial Artists of the Senior Realm are far younger on average. Thus, the gap would be smaller and less relevant."

Rui nodded, heaving a sigh. "As of right now, I have the experience of a young Senior."

"Well, I do not mean to put you down. But as of right now, you have the experience of the average Martial Squire."

Rui winced at the man's words. "I suppose that is much harder to refute than to digest."

Master Zentra grew sympathetic to his predicament. "The worst part would undoubtedly be the fact that, even with this training manifold, you cannot fully overcome it. At most, you can mitigate it by gaining some basic experience. Any more is a waste of time and a waste of youth."

Rui nodded knowingly, heaving a sigh. "At some point, the returns from spending time on gathering experience will diminish to the point that it's no longer worth spending that time on gathering experience as opposed to spending it on training a new technique."

Until that point came, however, he would spend some time grinding to expose himself to what was possible in the Master Realm. It was objectively the best for both short-term and long-term benefits at this moment.

-



Chapter 2141  Hypnotic Solution



Rui continued to spend time gathering experience within the manifold. As hoards of Martial Masters continued to rush into the dungeon, he knew that he wouldn't be running out of opponents anytime soon.

However, one of the problems he faced was that once he created a predictive and SOUL model on his opponent, he could never gain any meaningful experience from them ever again. This was due to the fact that his systems of thought were too overwhelmingly powerful. They literally showed him highly accurate predictions and the physical intentions, at their inception, of his opponents. Thus, he came to a firm decision to maximize the experience he gained from this particular exercise.

"I won't use the pattern recognition system or the SOUL System against Martial Masters that can't win against me when I do use them."

It was a remarkably decisive, albeit extreme, decision.

Yet, he was quite certain of his choice.

He had decades of experience with the pattern recognition system of the VOID algorithm. He had years of experience with the SOUL System. Now, in order to cultivate his intuition and experience, he wished to be divorced from the systems of thought for some time so that he could develop the former.

His decision was well met with approval from his friends in the Master Realm. "It makes sense. They help you in combat but can be a liability in training other things due to how strong they are," Master Ceeran offered.

"Systems of thought and intuition often overlap in the same purposes," Headmaster Aronian remarked eruditely. "In your case, you have been utilizing a system of thought that was very powerful from a very young stage, mildly crippling the growth of your intuition. It would do you good to put your systems of thought aside for a bit to ensure that your intuition doesn't fall back too behind."

"It would behoove you to consider fighting Martial Artists of the Senior Realm without your Martial Mind or systems of thought if you're willing to put them aside."

Their insights helped refine how he intended to spend his training time inside the manifold, fleshing out how the next few years were going to look.

However, he had plenty of things to do even outside of his training schedule.

"So these are the first batch, hm?" Rui raised an eyebrow as he inspected a large crowd of students from across all sixteen Martial academies of the Kandrian Empire.

Seeing their uniforms made him slightly nostalgic about his time as a nobody in the Martial Academy of Hajin.

"Yes, Your Highness." A man bowed deeply before Rui. "His Majesty hopes that you will be able to break them through to the Apprentice Realm."

Rui heaved a sigh. "It's not that easy, you know."

He had confirmed his ability to break students of the exploration stage in the Martial Academy with a student that he had personally tutored. However, it had required one-on-one attention from him.

"His Majesty is aware of that, most certainly." The man remained bowed before Rui. "However, those limitations existed when you were a Martial Squire, two realms below your current level of power."

Rui stirred at those words.

He would be lying if he said that he hadn't considered that exact rationale.

He was a Martial Master.

He was capable of a lot more things compared to when he was a mere Squire. The sheer amount of raw power, control and mastery, and cognition that he had at this point in time was so high that nothing that used to be impossible when he was a Squire was even relevant anymore. Nôv(el)B\\jnn

"I have some ideas," Rui admitted. "I'll need to think about it."

"Of course, Your Highness."

Rui fell into consideration as to how he could turn all these students into Martial Artists. The breakthrough into the Apprentice Realm was about discovering one's Martial Path, an emergent field of Martial Art within each person that they had an absolute prime affinity for. The breakthrough was born out of self-awareness. Rui had long discovered that he could significantly hasten the breakthrough process and increase the odds of it happening by a large extent. He did this by creating predictive models of them and then embodying those predictive models in his movements, allowing him to mimic his targets' combat identically.

It was a lesser version of the copying that Ieyasu could do, which led him to believe that his rival could trigger breakthroughs in the Apprentice Realm to a much greater degree than even he could.

They had a silent shared agreement not to cause problems forever.

Rui shook his head, returning to the present as his attention fell back on the students gathered in the pavilion.

"I definitely can't trigger all their breakthroughs manually one by one in person," Rui muttered. "That would take far too long and would lead to a worthless increase in the number of Apprentice breakthroughs."

He needed a practical solution that allowed him to overcome the logistics constraint of triggering all their breakthroughs to a remarkably low degree.

"Ah…" Rui's eyes lit up as he stumbled upon the perfect solution, and his mind furiously processed all possibilities. "Mass hypnosis is the way to go."

Via mass hypnosis, he could have each of them face clones of themselves that fought identically to them via the predictive and SOUL models that he created on each of them. This was essentially an even better version of copying their Martial Art and fighting them himself with it. Furthermore, by substituting himself with hypnosis, he could reach a much larger number of people simultaneously. It was the perfect way to overcome the physical limits of how many people he could train at once personally by himself.

"I would need to create predictive and SOUL models on all of them."

However, that was an extremely trivial task for him with his Martial Mind. Even without it, it wouldn't have been a problem, considering that they weren't even Martial Artists.

-

c90888ec35421b3bb4df3c8b0d3ce387b1a0e53d15401ee6e5120e165cb6c5de11d3984e5b03abafabd98250d018098409e66f48d04c37d7b3ec6f801409cdb7571801b24b94fb690d68c3ce980c8609fdd26a7cbca7bbb8598c78587b3f58f1



Chapter 2142  Rapid Results



The students of the academy had been puzzled when the headmistress of their Martial Academy had suddenly halted all their activities and summoned them to inform them that they would be carted off for some special training.

Much to their surprise, the Martial Academy didn't even tell them where they were going. After they stepped out of their carriages, they were assembled in a training field and told to await further instruction.

It was truly puzzling.

Normally, the Martial Academy was a lot more transparent with any and everything that they wanted the students to do. Thus, it was highly unusual for them to act in such a manner.

Many of them wanted to leave, yet they didn't even know where they were.

"Tsk, did they just bring us here to while away time?!"

"I'm sure they have something in mind."

"I wish they would tell us," another complained. "It's super boring doing nothing here!"

Eventually, however, something changed.

WHOOSH…!

They grew stunned as an army of clones appeared before them out of nowhere.

Clones of themselves.

They were identical in every conceivable fashion in not just physicality, but in terms of mannerisms too.

"What the-?!"

"What is happening?"

"This must be part of a test."

They took their stance with uncertainty as the army charged toward them aggressively. Each clone sought its original, picking a fight with them immediately.

The students soon got embroiled in a rather brutal battle with themselves.

Much to their shock, their clones not only looked and acted like them, but they fought identically to themselves as well!

On top of that, their combat power was identical as well.

This meant that each battle was entirely symmetric and brutally even. Not a single person was able to emerge dominant in their battles, while it took them every ounce of their power to not be overcome by their own clone.

Struggle as they did, the fights continued without pause. n/o/vel/b//in dot c//om

"I see." An elderly feminine voice remarked at a distance, watching what unfolded amongst the students. "I understand how this can increase the probability of breakthroughs substantially, Your Highness."

Her eyes shifted to Rui, who stood in the sky beside her, operating his hypnosis on the unsuspecting students that tussled with his hyper-realistic illusions.

"This exercise will instill deep amounts of self-awareness in them," she continued with a knowing tone. "After all, seeing one's self from the outside is a perspective that has the most to offer yet is the hardest to attain. You are able to give it to them in abundance. No wonder His Sagehood, the Flashing Flier, informed me that you would be able to significantly hasten their discoveries to the Master Realm."

Her attire bore the crest of the Martial Academies, signifying her position as headmistress of one of the sixteen Martial Academies of the Kandrian Empire. Rui nodded silently, focusing on his hypnosis.

"Your gifts are priceless," she murmured faintly as she fully comprehended the ramifications of Rui's ability. "This can elevate the Kandrian Empire to unprecedented heights along with the manifold and the Divine Doctor."

Rui smiled wryly, instantly understanding exactly how much she knew and what stage his father was when it came to disseminating all the information about his plan.

"You know," she continued. "Had anyone told me that the runner-up from the Apprentice-level Martial Contest nearly twenty-five years ago would go on to change the country as much as you have, I would have laughed in their face. Yet, here we are."

Rui recalled that she had been the headmistress of her Martial Academy even back then, just like Headmaster Aronian. That was undoubtedly the first time she had ever heard of him.

From her point of view, it was jarring to see an ultimately insignificant Apprentice rise through the years to the heights that he had.

It made her feel old and outdated, reminding her of her own stagnated power.

She had long given up on reaching the Sage Realm. Any Martial Drive that she once had had long fizzled away, leaving behind a person without any more ambition or desire for any more power. It was why she had stepped away from the battlefield, and instead taken on the important mantle of headmistress, assuming the duty of ensuring that Martial Art constantly received a fresh supply of new Martial Artists each year. Yet, now that she had seen one of the students far surpass her in every dimension conceivable, she had to admit that she hadn't taken it as well as she would have liked.

It couldn't be helped, after all. This was the first Martial Master to emerge from the Martial Academies since she had taken office seventy years ago. Reaching the Master Realm took an enormous amount of time; thus, she had always thought that this significant event would require decades more.

"Headmistress."

Rui drew her attention, gesturing at the crowd of students down below with a smile.

"We have our first breakthrough."

Her eyes widened with shock as she sensed the faint yet unmistakable aura of a Martial Apprentice down among her students. "…That is far earlier than I anticipated!"

Her stunned gaze shifted back to Rui.

"If you can trigger breakthroughs with this little time working on the subjects, then…"

The ramifications were scary to even consider.

"We're not done yet, headmistress," Rui smirked. "I hope you're able to secure a greater budget of expenditure from the Martial Union because you're going to need it to expand the Martial Academies when they're overflowing with Martial Apprentices, I'm afraid."

A moment later, several more students discovered their Martial Paths in the heat of battle, breaking through to the Apprentice Realm.

They added weight to the veracity of his words.

Rui grinned as he pushed each student to their very limits as they learned more about themselves in the past five minutes than they had during their entire time at the Martial Academy. As long as Kandria could persist, it would reach unprecedented heights of power.

-



Chapter 2143  Quelled Reaction



By the time the last student of the Exploration Stage broke through, not a single one of them could believe what had just happened to all of them.

Suddenly, they had all broken through to the Apprentice Realm.

To say they were shocked was an understatement.

What had happened defied the natural order.

Yet, before they could even process their experience, they felt dizzy, falling unconscious.

"What did you do?" the headmistress asked, growing concerned. "I wiped out their memories of the experience," Rui calmly replied. "I cannot have them remember what it was that led to their breakthroughs to the Apprentice Realm."

Of course, he was quite positive that there were very few, if any at all, people capable of replicating the process. Part of the reason that these breakthroughs unfolded much quicker than they ever had in the past was because he applied not just the VOID algorithm to the process but also the SOUL System, allowing him to show them, through their clones, the very inception of their intent.

In other words, he was the only one capable of triggering this particular kind of breakthrough. Still, he found it worthwhile to ramp up the security measures and ensure that he wiped out their memories on the matter.

This was despite the fact that he had no experience doing so. All he had was the distant lesson that he had gotten from Master Zeamer back when he had still been a new Martial Senior for the most part.

He had to admit that he was only able to get it because his targets were new Martial Apprentices while he was a Master with a high affinity for combat.

"Alright." He heaved a sigh. "We're done here. Thankfully, it only took half an hour. I don't think I could bear to waste any more time on a somewhat frequent basis."

However, while he walked away nonchalantly, the headmistress braced herself for the ramifications of his actions with grave severity.

This was not something that could be blown under the rug to avoid the public shock that it would cause. How could one explain hundreds of students breaking through to the Apprentice Realm in a single day?

It was a miracle, the likes of which were so unlikely that she had a higher chance of breaking through to the Sage Realm. She knew that she would have to deal with the consequences herself, of course, while the true perpetrator simply washed his hands of the event and moved on. Nôv(el)B\\jnn

Once the parents and guardians of the students were informed of the breakthroughs of the students, a collective shock struck the Martial Community.

It was a miracle, the likes of which were so unlikely that she had a higher chance of breaking through to the Sage Realm. She knew that she would have to deal with the consequences herself, of course, while the true perpetrator simply washed his hands of the event and moved on.

Once the parents and guardians of the students were informed of the breakthroughs of the students, a collective shock struck the Martial Community.

Not a single one of them could believe the news. As more and more people confirmed the simultaneous breakthroughs of a large number of exploration-stage students, they became increasingly confronted with reality.

Somehow, all the exploration-stage students of the Verlaine branch of the Martial Academies had broken through to the Apprentice Realm.

An uproar erupted not just within the Martial Communities but also in other circles across the political class of the Kandrian Empire.

How could it not? They were faced with something that was almost certainly a product of the creation of the Martial Academy. "What is going on, Headmistress Alaya?" In an office in the Verlaine branch of the Martial Academies, the headmistress found herself sitting opposite a large number of demanding parents who had chosen to collectively confront her on what had happened.

She met their strong gazes with a calm expression. "Whatever could you be referring to?"

"Don't play dumb with me, Headmistress." The man sitting opposite her narrowed his eyes. "Something deeply unnatural has happened to our students. Not only is it almost certainly not an organic development, but we know that the Martial Academy is somehow responsible for it. Our children don't even remember what has happened."

She stared at him for a moment before sweeping her gaze across the rest of the parents who had also appeared at the Martial Academy, demanding explanations.

Most of them were prominent members of the Martial Community.

They were high-ranking members of powerful Martial Families that had rooted themselves in the Kandrian Empire.

Yet, she wasn't worried.

"This is the will of the Sage Council and the Emperor of Harmony."

The demanding parents stiffened as their eyes widened with shock.

The fact that the two most powerful forces in the Kandrian Empire had joined hands on this initiative shook them.

Yet, it made sense.

Only they would have the authority to dictate an event of such revolutionary magnitude. Instantly, their defiance melted away like ice in the summer sun. None of them wanted to find themselves impeding the will of the two greatest power blocs of the nation.

"If you have any issues with what has happened," she continued, "you may consult them and demand an explanation."

"…Upon self-reflection, we have unanimously come to the realization that we have been rude and ill-spoken. We would like to take this opportunity to apologize for our conduct and assure the Martial Academy that we are pleased by their dedication and the results that they have produced."

"Indeed. In hindsight, this is something to be quietly celebrated, not loudly complained about."

"Forgive our imprudence, Headmistress Alaya. It appears that we may have overstepped."

Headmistress Alaya smiled at the sight of all the hot-blooded parents swallowing their earlier words and retracting everything they had said before.

"Not at all," she replied with a composed tone. "I would like to apologize to all of you for being unable to provide you with more information. I hope you understand that this is cause for rejoicing, not recalcitrance."

Very soon, they peacefully departed her office without anything further to say.

Headmistress Alaya heaved a sigh.

The Emperor of Harmony and the Sage Council had considered informing the parents ahead of time to mute their reaction but ultimately decided against it. It would cause a larger leak in information. In the first place, there was absolutely zero hope of ever hiding this. It was definitely impossible, and any effort to do so would be wasted. Short of locking all the Apprentices up from the rest of the world, there was simply no way to hide their breakthroughs.

The Emperor of Harmony and the Sage Council knew this.

They knew it but did it anyway.

The trigger had been lit, and the race had begun.

-



Chapter 2144  Local Impacts



Martial Art had a deep impact on human civilization, having come to affect all domains of society. There wasn't a single field or section of the species that Martial Art hadn't come to become an important variable in defining or altering.

Be it business and commerce and the various industries and markets that they enveloped, the sciences and adjacent fields in pursuit of the truth, or other fields of intellectual pursuit of any kind.

Developments in Martial Art affected everything and everyone.

Everyone knew this, whether they liked it or not.

Keeping an eye out on Martial Art to keep up with its dynamics and developments was something that everybody with any amount of power of any kind knew to do. After all, it would definitely affect everything.

That was why the revelation about the hundreds of simultaneous Martial Apprentice breakthroughs at one of the sixteen branches of the Martial Academies rocked everyone out of their seats.

Their first instinct was to deny it, but they couldn't.

It came from too many directions to possibly ignore.

And it impacted too many directions of human civilization for anybody to ignore.

It didn't take everybody much time to put two and two together.

This was certainly not an organic development and the Martial Union was certainly responsible for it.

Did this mean that they had made a massive breakthrough in their training technology that resulted in such an absurdly high rate of breakthroughs?

It appeared so. Then, was it sustainable?

They quickly found the answers to that in the following days as exploration stage students from across all branches also began experiencing mass breakthroughs!

This only poured more fuel to the fire.

No amount of prudence could keep the intelligence hidden. It spread across all echelons of the Kandrian Empire, across the entirety of the political class of the nation-state.

The moment the truth became absolutely irrefutable, many broke out into a cold sweat thinking about how this crazy development would affect them. A massive increase in the supply of Martial Apprentices would completely disrupt local business at all levels. Weak and inconsequential as they were on the international stage of East Panama, they were the bedrock of the local Martial industry. They were the sole constituent of the security industry of the Kandrian Empire. They also played an important role in labor and hunting, which constituted a part of the production of countless goods and services. They were useful for intelligence gathering and surveillance as well.

Their services were the bedrock of a massive amount of trade and commerce within the Kandrian Empire and even outside.

If the availability of Martial Apprentices spiked, it would massively impact all that trade and commerce in many ways.

For one, the economic value of Martial Apprentices would decrease. After all, supply would increase exponentially while demand would either not change or increase upon the increased supply and the lowered prices needed to commission Martial Apprentices.

Regardless, it would mean that any goods and services that involved Martial labor at the Apprentice level would experience a substantial decrease in the cost of production due to the lowered price of Apprentices caused by this increased supply. n/o/vel/b//in dot c//om

It was a good thing for businesses and commercial endeavors of any kind, stimulating the supplier market greatly. It was also great news for the consumer market, as the lowered cost of production represented lower prices for the same goods and services.

It stimulated the economy greatly.

It was great for everybody in the nation.

Everybody except for Martial Apprentices themselves.

For Martial Apprentices, this was horrible news.

It meant more competition for the same limited amount of resources and market opportunities. It also meant a systematic devaluation of everything that they had to offer.

It was a deeply unpleasant and hostile development.

One that could cause the eventual mass displacement and emigration of Martial Apprentices to other nations in search of less competitive regions that still had a greater appreciation of their services.

If it wasn't handled extremely carefully and effectively, the benefits of the mass Apprentice breakthroughs could spill over to other nations. Maximizing both the economic and military benefits of the Apprentice breakthroughs was actually extremely difficult.

Perhaps a lesser leader would have fumbled, causing the worst to unfold.

Not Emperor Rael, however.

"Charles," he gazed down at the prostrating man from atop his ostentatious throne. "I trust the preparations over the past three years are complete, yes?"

"Yes, Your Majesty." His deep voice was filled with admiration. "It is as you foretold. The DiViliers Division has stockpiled enough cutting-edge training and growth resources to accommodate nearly a hundred times as many Martial Apprentices."

"Good. Ensure that the timelines for the distribution of these resources match those of Operation Transcension." Emperor Rael's powerful tone grew imperious. "Ensure that every new apprentice that breaks through does not experience any heightened difficulty in attaining all the resources that they could ever need. Ensure that they never ever have any reason to leave the Kandrian Empire in search of resources."

"Your wish is my command, Your Majesty." Three years ago, when Rael had uprooted the entirety of the Underworld with the power of prophecy, he had finally found enough evidence that tied Charles DiViliers to the Underworld and all the crimes that came with it.

However, rather than executing the man, he had decided to dissolve his company and turn him into the mafia equivalent of a prisoner of war. The man was a highly effective developer of strategically valuable Martial resources; it would have been a waste to kill him. This was especially true considering the fact that these resources would matter a lot once the war began ramping up.

Thus, he essentially absorbed the man and all his work into the government under his absolute command and control and squeezed him for all the value he could. As far as Rael was concerned, this itself was more than the man deserved, considering all the misery and despair that he had been complicit in spreading.



Chapter 2145  The Great Limit



He had put the man to good use in manufacturing and developing large amounts of Martial resources with proprietary technology three years ago. Emperor Rael possessed the deep political foresight to know that without ensuring a great surplus of Martial resources and market opportunities, he would not be able to retain all these extra Martial Apprentices.

It was one of the reasons that he had decided to root out the Underworld at all. He needed to get his hands on this man who would be able to increase the quantity of available Martial resources without compromising on quality.

However, resource availability was just half of the matter, he also needed to ensure that the surplus Martial Apprentices had ample market opportunities.

He had long thought of a solution for this.

"Inform the Martial Union to commence the acceleration of Apprentice commissions for the Elder Tree operations." He glanced at his secretary.

"Yes, Your Majesty." Making use of the Elder Tree's intelligence and fulfilling his end of the bargain with the Elder Tree required Martial labor. Thus, he could provide job opportunities to the surplus of Martial Apprentices by having them fulfill the Elder Tree missions.

Deploying them to the Beast Domain would not only give them a good experience and a handsome income, but it would also prime their development to become hunter-class Martial Artists. A class that was about to become sorely needed if the Kandrian Empire wanted to maximize the benefits of the Beast Domain.

It was killing multiple birds with a single stone.

This would satisfy the Apprentices of the Kandrian Empire in the long run, erasing any reason for them to leave. It left them and the rest of the economy and markets happy.

"Dealing with the local economic and political ramifications was easy enough, but…" Emperor Rael's eyes narrowed. "The international and geopolitical ramifications will not be easy."

The news would not remain restricted within the Kandrian Empire, after all.

It never did. Nôv(el)B\\jnn

From local and international investigative and news organizations to spying and intelligence agencies, there were many paths for these juicy revelations to spread to the rest of the world. And spread, they did.

It spread like wildfire far beyond the Kandrian Empire.

It spread to all of East Panama.

"Mass breakthroughs of Kandrian Apprentices?!"

"How can that possibly be true?!"

"Dammit! Just what is happening in the Kandrian Empire?!"

It shook the entirety of the political class of East Panama, leaving them frozen in horror as they slowly processed the horrifying implications of what they were witnessing.

Guildmaster Bradt sat in his office with a grave and severe expression.

He fully understood what they were looking at.

"The Kandrian Empire… the Emperor of Harmony is attempting to overcome the Great Limit."

The Great Limit.

It was an obscure concept of Martial anthropology that was mostly known within the political class of human civilization. It referred to the barrier that restricted how Martially and militaristically strong any human organization could possibly get. It included all groups of all kinds. Whether they were Martial organizations like the Panamic Martial Federation, the Kandrian Martial Union, or the Martial Consortium of Gorteau, whether they were religious organizations like the Gen Temple and the Virodhabhasa Theocracy, whether they were intelligence organizations like the Beggar's Sect and the Shadow Guild, whether they were underground organizations like the Underworld, or whether they were nations like the Kandrian Empire, they all were limited qualitatively by what was known as the Great Limit.

It was not an absolute cosmic limit, per se, more so one of logistical, pragmatic, and Martial reality. The power trajectory of human civilization was not a straight line trending upwards. It was not even a curve.

No.

The trajectory of human civilization resembled steps. Every time a new Realm was discovered, there would be a period of astronomical and exponential growth in human civilization as nations and organizations rapidly upgraded to a new Realm of power.

As long as it continued, there would be no true cap for human civilization.

This was the prevailing school of thought for much of the Age of Martial Art.

However, that ceased being true with the advent of the Transcendent Realm. Upon the birth of the first Martial Transcendent, the Martial Primordial, humanity did not grow stronger.

For Martial Transcendents did not move.

To this day, nobody knew why.

But, these unfathomable gods refused to exercise their power.

Even the most warmongering of Sages like Emperor Arthur of Britannia became an aloof, unmoving ruler who distanced him from all lesser affairs.

It meant that organizations that obtained a Transcendent essentially lost a Martial Sage without any compensation.

In other words, becoming stronger made them weaker.

It was a paradoxical yet brutal reality, one that limited how much stronger Sage-level powerhouses could become. More precisely, it limited how fast they could become stronger, making any gains in power extremely grueling and marginal over great periods of time with none of the many spikes that were common throughout the Age of Martial Arts.

This was the Great Limit.

Even if Martial Sages continued to be born en masse without dying in combat with their peers in the depths of the Beast Domain, they would essentially continue to 'die' as assets when they broke through to the Transcendent Realm.

It put an extremely hard limit on how much stronger Sage-level powerhouses could get, one that none of them could find a solution to. Yet, as East Panama realized, the Kandrian Empire might have found a true long-term solution to overcoming the Great Limit.

An exponential increase in Martial Apprentices eventually yielded an exponential increase in Squires, Seniors, Masters, and Sages.

Thus, the birth of young Sages who were far from the Transcendent Realm meant that the influx of Sages would far outweigh the outflux of Sages into the Transcendent Realm, allowing for a spike far past Sage-level powerhouse territory into a proper Transcendent-level nation.

And that was precisely what the Kandrian Empire was attempting to do.

Yet, while most of East Panama was merely aghast and shocked, the reaction of the other three Sage-level powerhouses was a lot more volatile.

-



Chapter 2146  Pressured Circumstances



A large number of people were gathered within the presidential headquarters of the Republic of Gorteau.

The air was heavy.

President Raymond's expression crumpled with rage as his teeth gnashed against each other.

"This…" His voice quivered. "This can't be real."

The several officers around him glanced at each other warily.

"Mr. President…" One of them hesitated. "We have plenty of evidence that this is real. From intelligence reports from our spies in the Kandrian Empire to long-range surveillance, as well as intelligence sources from various intelligence brokers."

There was no doubt that the news regarding the Kandrian Empire was entirely real. The only question was whether the President was ready to face reality.

President Raymond's expression grew grave and rageful. "You're telling me that the Kandrian Empire has found a way to massively increase the rate of breakthroughs to the Apprentice Realm and is now pumping out Martial Apprentices a hundred times faster than the norm? Is that what you're telling me?"

"Yes, Mr. President."

"THEN WHAT THE HELL ARE YOU STILL STANDING HERE FOR?!" he roared. "I WANT ANY AND ALL INTELLIGENCE ON THIS PHENOMENON YESTERDAY!"

The intelligence and analyst officers stiffened. "Yes, Mr. President."

"DON'T COME BACK UNTIL YOU HAVE ANSWERS!" he bellowed at them.

They immediately scampered out of the room, leaving the President alone with his war council.

"Damn that man!" President Raymond cursed as he felt his stress magnify. "Damn that nation!"

He tried closing his eyes as he calmed down, trying to regain his composure.

"We can't let this happen." His tone was severe.

It didn't take a genius to understand what was at stake.

The balance of power and their supremacy was at stake. The Republic of Gorteau was among the four powerhouses that stood at the peak along with its three peers. It was an equal.

It always had been.

However, now, the balance threatened to shift.

Now, the Kandrian Empire threatened to rise far beyond them.

"The only silver lining is that it will take centuries for this to affect the balance of power," his vice-president calmly remarked as she shifted her gaze to him. "In other words, it is not an acute threat, but a chronic, long-term threat." Nôv(el)B\\jnn

President Raymond grew slightly calmer at her words.

In a few centuries, he would certainly be dead, let alone anywhere near the presidential office.

Of course, he still cared, but it wasn't something that would fall on his head immediately.

"That's true," he remarked with a grudging expression as he fell into thought. "A bunch of Apprentices will not change anything in the short term. However, it will be damning as long as we don't do anything about it in the long-term. War will be necessary, after all. I can use this to reel over even those corrupt congressmen."

His eyes lit up with the possibility of finally being able to wage war. He had been stalled due to his inability to win over Congress to his side; he knew in his gut that the Emperor of Harmony had something to do with why Congress shot down his declarations of war time and time again.

Now, however, he found such a powerful justification for war that it would become politically untenable to keep halting his warring efforts. After all, he now had a truly justifiable cause, did he not?

"Mr. President." A burly voice drew his attention. "I understand that there is great cause for concern. However, if you do use this as a reason to declare war on the Kandrian Empire, what is going to be the objective of the operation? After all, you cannot just declare war in a vacuum. Each military operation must have an objective. Is your goal to destroy the Kandrian Empire?"

President Raymond glanced at his appointed general thoughtfully. "…Previously, it was to overthrow the tyranny of the Kandrian Royal Family and bring justice to the poor people of Kandria. But now…"

His eyes lit up with greed. "…Now I must have the method by which the Kandrian Empire is able to massively skyrocket the number of Martial Apprentices that they are able to produce."

He would be lying if he said that wasn't his greatest priority.

"Even if the Kandrian Empire falls, that method will still remain, and it must fall into our hands." His tone grew more intense. "If it's the method that is the highest priority, then war is hardly the most effective solution here," his vice-president pointed out. "For now, we can rely on intelligence gathering to piece together exactly how this method functions. If that doesn't work…"

Her eyes sharpened. "…Then war it is. We cannot allow the Kandrian Empire to monopolize such a powerful trump card. If they successfully overcome the Great Limit, then they will be unstoppable amidst human civilization."

President Raymond nodded. "Intelligence first. But our bottom line is clear. The worst cannot be allowed to happen. No matter what, the outcome of the Kandrian Empire rising above all others is something that cannot happen."

He grew a little less miserable as he gained more confidence in their current direction. He was sure that they would get their hands on the method by which the Kandrian Empire broke through so many Apprentices.

After all, this is how things had always gone in the past—any trump card that any state tried to abuse would eventually get leaked to everybody else due to the relentless espionage efforts of everybody else around them.

Of course, there were exceptions to everything. The Gen Temple had miraculously managed to keep its Yin-Yang Shield technique a secret for a long time.

"So did the Kandrian Empire with its Squire evolution upgrade…" President Raymond's eyes widened.

He gritted his teeth. "Accelerate the intelligence operations. I want confirmation that we'll be able to steal their new method. The cost is of no matter. I don't care how much fiscal deficit and debt we have to undertake. Make sure that, this time, we definitely crack their secrets!"

The Republic of Gorteau mobilized its intelligence arms into action while preparing for a serious possibility of war.

-



Chapter 2147  When War?



While the Republic of Gorteau could be characterized as the greediest of its peers, its reaction and approach were hardly unique.

While all three powerhouses were extremely alarmed at the revelation of the mass Apprentice breakthroughs, none of them leaped into an all-out war.

The Sekigahara Confederate certainly came the closest, though.

"Now then…" a woman calmly remarked as her gaze swept across the table. The thirteen other leaders of the Sekigahara Confederate met her gaze.

A pleasant smile appeared on her face.

"Shall we declare war today or tomorrow?"

She heaved a melodramatic sigh as she gazed out a window. "I'd love to do it today, but…"

Her expression became one of displeasure.

"War should be declared at dawn. It is a bad omen to do so at dusk."

The matriarch of the Tsukishi Clan snorted. "You superstitious lot of the Tanaka Clan. War is war. We should declare war right now as far as I'm concerned."

The air grew cold as the two women exchanged chilling gazes.

"Hah, you lot and your declarations of war." A gargantuan man grinned wildly. "I say we just invade the Kandrian Empire without any formal declaration of war. This isn't a formal duel. This is war!"

Many of the others stirred at his words.

They made sense.

Leveling the Kandrian Empire was a lot more important than adhering to any silly norms of formality or honor. It was best to gather as many Martial Sages as possible, launch an ambush on the Kandrian Empire, and wipe everyone out. Yet, not everyone was on board with triggering a war against the Kandrian Empire.

"I disagree," the Patriarch of the Nindo Clan declared. "This is not a circumstance that warrants waging war. What we should be focusing on is gaining the ability to cause so many breakthroughs to the Apprentice Realm. That is what the other two Sage-level powerhouses will be focusing on, after all. Even if we wage war and win, it won't matter if we don't get our hands on the method to cause breakthroughs at will."

"Hah," the patriarch of the Kaze Clan snorted. "Of course the clan that focuses on intelligence and covert operations would be inclined to go for that route. Try to hide your blatant biases better next time."

The patriarch of the Nindo Clan glared at him. "Fool. Even if we end up winning the war, do you really want to end up heavily weakened with a pyrrhic victory in a destroyed Kandria while the other two Sage-level powerhouses happily get stronger after stealing the Kandrian Empire's secrets through espionage?"

This gave pause to the other clan leaders.

His words painted an outcome that was deeply unpleasant to all of them.

It was on purpose.

As the leader of the clan that served as the intelligence and covert operations of the Sekigahara Confederate, the Nindo patriarch knew exactly how his peers thought. He knew the moment they learned of the Kandrian Empire's ability to trigger mass breakthroughs, they would immediately itch for war even if it didn't even make sense to jump to war as a first resort.

That was why he painted what was a realistic outcome.

He knew that the Republic of Gorteau and the Britannian Empire had probably already begun aggressive intelligence to gather the method by which the Kandrian Martial Union broke Apprentices through. The longer they took to participate in this race, the further behind they would be. n/o/vel/b//in dot c//om

"Tell me." His sharp eyes swept across all of them. "Are you willing to obtain victory against the Kandrian Empire at the cost of losing to the Britannian Empire and the Republic of Gorteau forever?"

The leaders of the Sekigahara Confederate curled their mouths with disgust at the very thought of it.

They hated losing more than they loved winning.

"…and ask yourselves, is it possible to defeat the Kandrian Empire all by ourselves without suffering massive losses?"

"…"

None of them uttered a word.

Yet, their silence was deafening.

To even assert that it was possible was laughable.

All wars had prices and losses.

The Sekigahara Confederate, which waged more war than all three other Sage-level powerhouses of East Panama combined, knew that better than anyone else.

This was especially the case for an opponent as formidable as the Kandrian Empire. With the recent addition of the Silas Clan, they almost had as many Martial Sages and Masters as the Sekigahara Confederate.

"I'm aware of how much we hate the Emperor of Harmony and his disgusting philosophy. However, I'm sure we hate falling behind the Republic of Gorteau and the Britannian Empire even more."

The patriarch of the Oni Clan narrowed his eyes. "So, let me get this straight. You want us to leave the Kandrian Empire alone after they have obtained the miraculous power to create as many Apprentices as they want? If we do that, then they will surpass us Martially and will forever be out of our reach!"

This was what the patriarch of the Nindo Clan had been waiting for.

"I'm not saying we leave them alone." His voice grew stronger. "I'm saying we steal their power and use it for ourselves. Out of all the four powerhouses of East Panama, we are the most Martially developed and the most Martially powerful. Imagine how much this new power they have obtained will benefit the Sekigahara Confederate if it falls into our hands. Imagine how strong each of our clans will eventually be with a surplus of Martial Apprentices at our disposal!"

Greed and lust filled the eyes of the leaders of the Martial Clans.

"Fine," the matriarch of the Tanaka Clan finally relented. "We will destroy them after we have stolen their method. But what if you are unable to steal their method?"

A smile appeared on the face of the Nindo patriarch. "In that case, wage war by all means. If it truly cannot be pried from the hands of the Kandrian Empire, then the Britannian Empire and the Republic of Gorteau will also come to the conclusion that war is the only solution. Thus, regardless of what happens, the Kandrian Empire's only fate is destruction."



Chapter 2148  Insightful Analysis



"…Is probably what the Sekigahara Confederate is thinking at the moment."

In the depths of the Imperial Palace, sat a man sipping tea in his office while he read through the reports of the Britannian Intelligence Service.

Prime Minister Edward Gel Dermont had been perhaps the sole head of government of the Britannian Empire to not have been alarmed by the shocking reports of the mass breakthroughs of Martial Apprentices at an absurdly high rate.

He was also the sole head of government who didn't bother employing standard intelligence protocols to try and steal the method of breakthroughs to the Apprentice Realm.

His rationale was simple.

"The Emperor of Harmony is too careful."

He knew Emperor Rael as a ruler and leader better than anybody. The man was deeply insightful and had undoubtedly predicted the responses from the Republic of Gorteau and the Sekigahara Confederate. The former was transparent and while the latter was undoubtedly a lot more volatile, it was still predictable for the most part. The warmongering clans would push for war, while the more sensible leader would eventually make them see at least a little bit of reason and postpone war conditionally.

However, he knew that Emperor Rael had undoubtedly prepared for the massive investigative efforts that had already been thrown his way.

"If the method of breakthrough truly was something that could be stolen just by knowledge alone, then…" Prime Minister Edward narrowed his eyes. "He would have been less liberal and used it as a political tool and bargaining chip. However, the way that he and the Martial Union are spamming breakthroughs implies that there are no material or resource constraints."

Had this new revolutionary method required some precious resources that weren't easy to come by, Emperor Rael and the Sage Council would not have used it so freely and extensively.

Thus, just based on how it was being employed, Prime Minister Edward was able to make numerous inferences.

"Could it be an esoteric scientific method…?" he wondered before shaking his head. "No, all esoteric materials have limited supply. I suppose it could be a non-esoteric scientific development, but…"

He highly doubted that, considering that even esoteric science hadn't come close to achieving such a result, and it was generally more powerful and capable, which was why it was favored as a field of research.

"So, that leaves a Martial Artist." He narrowed his eyes. "It fits the profile of a powerful but low-cost solution." n/ô/vel/b//in dot c//om

It was one of the reasons that Martial Art came to be the most dominant force in the world.

Martial Art took an extremely long time to deliver powerful assets, but, once it did, it did not require much resources to sustain its output.

"If this new solution that Emperor Rael is abusing is dependent on a Martial Art, a technique, or a Martial Mind…" Prime Minister Edward Gel Dermont narrowed his eyes. "It would explain why he's being so carefree about how much it's being abused. Interesting. Regardless, it doesn't change what we must do."

As he sipped his tea, his gaze turned to the Britannian analyst officers seated at the table before him.

"War."

They widened their eyes. "…Sir? Doesn't it make more sense to invest massively in our investigative and espionage efforts to get our hands on his miraculous method so that we can ensure that we don't fall behind?"

Prime Minister Edward shook his head.

"It won't work. Emperor Rael has almost certainly prepared all kinds of traps, red herrings, and misdirections that will lead all investigative efforts down many highly convincing wild goose chases."

They frowned at his words but remained silent.

"His goal is to drain as much of the capital of other Sage-level powerhouses as possible and stall the inevitable war. He is buying as much time as he can to increase the probability of winning due to having elevated the Kandrian Empire," he explained. "Unfortunately, I won't be falling for his trap."

The analyst officers stared at him, flummoxed. "Sir, are you implying that this is all part of some plan?"

Prime Minister Edward snorted, unimpressed. "Everything is part of a plan with that man. However, think carefully, think of all the developments that have happened in the Kandrian Empire." He sipped some more tea, growing immersed in thought. "First, he, on the brink of death, is magically healed from an incurable disease while his son simultaneously shatters the record for youngest Martial Master."

He raised a second finger. "Then, Prince Rui willingly and merrily hands over all the power he has accrued over the span of five years without any resistance. Almost as if he has never cared about it to begin with."

He raised a third finger. "Then, the Emperor consolidates his power and uses the Silas Clan to gain massive intelligence advantages to root out and assimilate the Underworld, further solidifying and centralizing his power."

He raised a fourth finger. "Then, his Beast Domain yields spike up with countless reports talking about how the Kandrian Empire's Beast Domain operations, be it the government or the Martial Union, have gained a rather curious boost in effectiveness and success rate."

He raised a fifth finger. "And now, he deploys a massive trump card that will allow the Kandrian Empire to overcome the Great Limit in the long run. When you combine that with the fact that tensions between the Kandrian Empire and the rest of us have already been rising due to the Silas Clan and the upgrade to their Squire evolution process, then there's only one conclusion to draw."

His eyes narrowed. "He knows that these developments will provoke war, yet he does them without any hesitation. This is a man who has grand ambition, and knows that it will make war inevitable, and is fully prepared for it nonetheless."

He returned his gaze to the intelligence officers. "Divert all our resources to war-building and none towards intelligence-gathering. If, by some miracle, the Republic of Gorteau and Sekigahara Confederate are able to get their hands on the method, then it will be easier to steal it from them. If not…"

A dark smile appeared on his face. "…then they will have no choice but to wage war. With the wrath of the three Sage-level powerhouses, we will emerge victorious."



Chapter 2149  Flawed Intelligence



The revelations and the mass Apprentice breakthroughs of the Kandrian Empire sent shudders across the political landscape of East Panama. The geopolitical dynamics between Kandria and its peers had already been strained even prior to this provocative revelation, but now? Many nations in the geopolitical vicinity were terrified of the prospect of war between the powerhouses.

After all, this would be a war so massive that none of them would be able to evade it. It would swallow every nation in East Panama into it regardless of whether they were willing or not.

Thankfully, however, war did not erupt immediately.

Although the news had undoubtedly reached the Sage-level powerhouses, it appeared that war would not break out immediately. That didn't necessarily mean that it wouldn't eventually, of course. It could even be that the Sage-level powerhouses were simply preparing for war. n/o/vel/b//in dot c//om

This was not far from the truth.

At least half of the powerhouses were preparing for war as an inevitability, while the other two had decided to exhaust lesser options first.

"Things have gone largely as planned."

Emperor Rael sat in his office, reading through some reports that his intelligence bureau had been supplying him on the aftermath of the mass Apprentice breakthrough.

"Hm, both the Sekigahara Confederate and the Republic of Gorteau have fallen for it," he remarked as he accurately assessed the situation. "Good."

Any attempt to discern the truth about the Apprentice mass breakthroughs was doomed to either fail or be stalled for a large amount of time. Emperor Rael had spent the past three years setting up many false avenues of investigation that were meant to deceive all those who attempted to learn about the truth.

Part of the reason he was able to do this was because he knew the modus operandi and the profiles of the intelligence-gathering facilities of his enemies. The Sekigahara Confederate would be effectively blind without the Nindo Clan that served as its intelligence wing.

In other words, the intelligence wing of the Sekigahara Confederate was its own political power that competed with the other clans for authority. The other clans thus could not trust the Nindo Clan with certainty despite relying on it for intelligence.

In turn, the Nindo Clan had its own interests and agendas and could not be expected to act to benefit the Sekigahara Confederate at its own expense.

This was a crucial flaw in the political structure of the Sekigahara Confederate that Emperor Rael could use to his benefit.

By supplying them with the right 'ammunition,' he could manipulate the Nindo Clan to act for their mutual benefit, even if it came at the cost of the Sekigahara Confederate as a whole. He knew that the Nindo Clan would rather avoid war due to being the weakest clan as far as combat power went. In a war, it would lose most of its nominal authority since combat power was the only thing that the Sekigahara Confederate valued.

"Foolish." Emperor Rael couldn't help but shake his head lightly as his eyes shifted to the reports coming from his spy network in the Republic of Gorteau. The Republic of Gorteau had its own flaws that were quite different. The intelligence agencies and bureaus were not independent of the power blocs of the nations, for the heads of these organizations were appointed by the president, while their budget allocation came from Congress.

In other words, if he could manipulate enough Congressmen of this legislative body, he could manipulate them to cripple the intelligence wing with lowered funding, thereby stalling the intelligence gathering operations trying to discover the secret to mass Apprentice breakthroughs. This would give him more time to prepare for the war.

"Ensure that we have enough life-prolonging potions in stock."

"Yes, Your Majesty."

His attention momentarily returned to the reports from the Sekigahara Confederate and the Republic of Gorteau.

"These two are manageable, but…" His eyes narrowed as he shifted his gaze to reports coming from his spies in the Britannian Empire. He always found this to be the most troublesome of the three Sage-level powerhouses.

"Looks like he's not falling for it, instead…" He tutted. "He's wholeheartedly preparing for war. A wise decision."

He had always known that the prime minister of the Britannian Empire was not someone to be trifled with. He was a deeply insightful and perceptive strategist and statesman who could not be tricked so easily, especially when they had known each other for a long time.

Prime Minister Edward had already shifted his attention to preparations for war. One would think that war was just on the corner with the way the man began redirecting a large portion of the Britannian Imperial Treasury to war.

However, Emperor Rael knew better.

"He won't declare war until the other two powerhouses also declare war."

There was no point in declaring war against the Kandrian Empire alone. Both Emperor Rael and Prime Minister knew that if they waged war against each other, the only winners would be the Sekigahara Confederate and the Republic of Gorteau.

In order to ensure that the Britannian Empire wasn't the sole bearer of the burden of war and to ensure that the probability of victory was maximal, the prime minister would undoubtedly wait until the other two powerhouses were done playing cat and mouse with the mass breakthroughs.

Only when they were frustrated by their constant failures would they be ready to just wipe the Kandrian Empire off the map.

"Until then, he will have to settle for a cold war."

Tensions between the Kandrian Empire and the other Sage-level powerhouse would undoubtedly continue to rise as the Republic of Gorteau and the Sekigahara Confederate continued using any and all means to uncover the truth of the Apprentice breakthroughs.

However, Emperor Rael knew that they wouldn't be able to uncover the truth. Rui had taken all the right precautions to keep both his identity and the process a complete secret. The only ones who knew outside of Emperor Rael himself and the Sage Council were the Martial Masters of the Academy, each of whom he had secretly vetted with Sage Sayfeel.

-



