Chapter 2340: Incentives

﻿

Guildmaster Bradt simply listened to Rui continue with his offer until he was done. He had fallen into thought at how far the Kandrian Empire was willing to go to assuage his concerns.

His only problem with Emperor Rael's previous offers was that they required him to surrender far too much power to the Kandrian Empire, leaving him beholden to the nation. It didn't matter how trustworthy the Kandrian Empire was; he simply couldn't offer such a high level of trust.

This new offer cleanly circumvented that problem by simply offering to sell their coastal territory and surrender it to his full control.

Of course, that didn't mean that it was absolutely safe from the Kandrian Empire after it would still be on their border, having once been inside the border. However, even he understood that the Kandrian Empire meddling with it after surrendering all rights to it was an extremely unlikely event.

It would essentially be an invasion of one nation to another, and the Kandrian Empire simply had no history of imperialism or colonialism in the past three centuries. It was absolutely unheard of, and no amount of paranoia could make him take its threat seriously.

This was all to make Bradt feel comfortable enough to take the offer and become an ally of the Kandrian Empire.

It was extremely extravagant treatment from a Sage-level powerhouse.

He could understand why they were willing to go this far to get his alliance.

It didn't matter what territory they had if they were destroyed due to being too unwilling to part with it. The Kandrian Empire was an extremely large nation with enormous territory; it wasn't as though they were going to even notice it.

In that case, it was better to bleed it if it was able to secure his aid.

"I have heard your offer," the guildmaster began. "However, this just means that the liability of allying with you is taken care of. A lack of liabilities is not enough. There needs to be

incentives to ally with you. Simply replacing land-faring with sea-faring to dodge the oppression of the alliance is not enough."

Rui smiled. "Of course, we were merely focused on addressing the biggest issue you had with a potential alliance with the Kandrian Empire. Once those issues are solved, we can get right to the good stuff. You are hardly unaware of the extraordinary circumstances that the Kandrian Empire finds itself in. We have access to extraordinary resources, intel on untapped resources in the Beast Domain, and the medical services of the Divine Doctor. We also offer breakthroughs. Intel on the future. Longevity potions. You name it, we got it."Nôv(el)B\\jnn

Guildmaster Bradt's eyes deepened with interest. These were all deeply alluring, and he would have been lying through his teeth if he had said otherwise. These offers had always been extremely alluring from the very start. The only reason that the guildmaster resisted them before was that he didn't think it was a good idea to replace his land-faring with sea- faring if the latter was in the control of Kandrian territory, yet that problem had just been solved with an extreme concession.

"Guildmaster Bradt, you have nothing to lose."

Rui's voice drew his attention once more. "In the first place, thanks to the Silas Clan, the Kandrian Empire has been able to protect each and every single one of our allies from meaningful harm from the alliance. We have met every attack and repelled every attack. We have foiled assassinations, staged coups, and triggered rebellions and other covert sabotage and disruption measures that the alliance has taken in order to harm our allies, thanks to this extraordinary source of intelligence. We are able to do the same for you."

This was yet another strong point in favor of the Kandrian Empire.

If half the countries allying with the Kandrian Empire were destroyed by now, then they wouldn't have been even remotely trustworthy or reliable when it came to protecting potential allies from the wrath of the Kandrian Empire.

However, the guildmaster was a tough nut to crack.

"Protecting the Shionel Confederation is an entirely different beast compared to other nations, Prince Rui," he replied with a firm tone. "This nation is essentially a large consortium of merchants, a consortium that happens to own land that is the Shionel Confederation. We have businesses across all of East Panama. Centers, bases, branches, offices, headquarters, and other kinds of real estate assets that are even more important to us than Shionel territory. I alone have two hundred and seventy-six centers and bases across East Panama that are vital to my distribution and transportation business. There is no doubt that they will be targeted if I pronounce my alliance with the Kandrian Empire. Will you be able to protect me, us, and all our real estate resources?"

Rui stared at the man for a moment.

He could, of course, give a passionate speech about how they would be able to protect them at all costs no matter what and that they were willing to do anything to protect their allies. But Guildmaster Bradt was far too pragmatic a man to be moved by that.

"Well, firstly, the Shionel Confederation is not a united polity, nor is it a uniform polity, Rui began. "I am well aware of the fact that there are two factions when it comes to which side to support. The faction that has lobbied for support for the Kandrian Empire has already been targeted by the alliance, and they have already decided that it is worth the price of gaining the Kandrian Empire's favor and alliance. In other words, they are not relevant in this discussion. The only thing that is relevant to this discussion is the Shionel Confederation's territory and national security. Of which we are able to guarantee the security and protection of without any shadow of a doubt."

Guildmaster Bradt smiled uncharacteristically. "I suppose you are right. However, what if I don't want to ally with the Kandrian Empire and still want all those benefits you mentioned?"



Chapter 2341: Opposing Carrots

﻿
n/ô/vel/b//in dot c//om

Rui scoffed at his words. "Yes, why don't I just crown you Emperor of Kandria while I'm at it?" Sarcasm was not the recommended route when in a vital diplomatic negotiation with an important ally, yet he figured their relationship was good enough for just a bit.

"Have you forgotten that you owe me a favor?" Guildmaster Bradt raised an eyebrow. "Are you going to go back on your word? You would be dead if not for me showing you grace that day."

He was not lying.

Chairman Deacon would undoubtedly have found have, and he would have suffered death or worse. It was not possible to escape him in his primary domain of influence without the guildmaster's power.

It was indeed true that Rui owed him one. And Rui had certainly anticipated that he would use that to get some of the things that they were offering for free.

"I do indeed owe you, and I do not have any intention of bailing on my debt," Rui replied. "However, even then, one must not forget a sense of proportionality. Even if I were to exert myself to the same degree that you did, your demands are too excessive. On top of that, you utilized your power to do me a favor, not your nation's. Thus, I will fulfill my debt to you with my power, not my nation's. It is I who owes you a debt, not the Kandrian Empire. Most of the things that I mentioned are coming from the Empire, so I cannot give them to you for free."

His words were sensible to the point where the guildmaster could not object. Still, he wasn't pleased by Rui's rejection.

"Then what about the things that you can provide for me?" He leaned forward with interest.

Rui shrugged. "I am more than willing to fulfill my debt with them. In fact, I'm looking forward to it. This burden has grown weary, and I would rather get it over with sooner than later."

"Well, I do not know if you believe that, Prince Rui," Guildmaster Bradt retorted. "I recall asking you for the Squire Evolution upgrade that you pioneered when we met at Her Highness' event, but you refused me."

Rui narrowed his eyes. "I did, but that was because you were asking for an incongruent favor. I am more inclined to give you a one-time favor in exchange for the one-time favor that you gave me. An exercise of my service is fair in exchange for the exercise of your service."

The guildmaster simply stared at him with a poker face.

Rui couldn't read his mind with his mind sense due to the impediment of Sage Sariawar behind him, but he could tell that the man wasn't pleased by Rui's continuous rejection. "It seems to me that you intend to rationalize your way out of paying your debts."

"Not particularly. It's just that I do not intend to disenfranchise myself," Rui replied. "You expressed interest in breakthroughs, did you not? I can provide as many breakthroughs as I am able to muster across all three Realms at any given point in time. A one-time service of my power in exchange for exactly that."

That interested the guildmaster.

Although he wasn't in the Martial industry, Martial capital was still extremely vital and useful to his company.

His distribution and transportation dispatches and convoys required security and protection from spontaneous threats like bandits and robbers, as well as beasts and animals, as well as protection from third-party sabotage, which were extremely expensive. If Rui could give him Martial Masters, Seniors, and more Apprentices, it would have been more than worth saving his life all those years ago when he was just a weak Squire.

"So you are willing to give me many breakthroughs this time free of cost without any strings attached?" Guildmaster Bradt raised an eyebrow.

Rui shrugged. "We can start right now if you want. I will pay back my debt. I have no intention of dishonoring it."

A hint of appreciation flickered in the guildmaster's eyes as he fell into thought.

Rui had passed his little trustworthiness test.

The Kandrian Empire was more credible in his eyes than before to be able to give away its greatest trump card for free.

However, things weren't so simple.

"What did the Britannian Prime Minister come to tell you?"

Rui's words were sharp.

"As far as I can tell, this deal should satisfy your every requirement, issue, and interest. We have gone above and beyond to satisfy you, yet you have not even signaled your willingness to proceed into negotiations," Rui keenly noted. "I'm quite confident that it's not from our side. So, I can only presume that it must be why you chose to have a meeting with the Britannian Prime Minister before me today."

The guildmaster regarded Rui with appreciation.

It was this insight that had convinced the guildmaster to accept his partnership offer twenty years ago.

"He has a big stick, Your Highness," Guildmaster Bradt remarked. "Your carrots are tasty, but I'm just wondering if it's worth getting hit by the stick to have them."

Rui narrowed his eyes. "...No."

"No?"

"No," Rui repeated himself. "I don't think so. He always had a big stick. And we have proven without a shadow of a doubt that our shield can protect our allies from their sticks. I don't think that you are such an indecisive man that you will let information that is half a year old impede you this much. There must be something else. A new variable must have come in-" Rui paused as realization dawned on him. "...I see they made you an offer."

The guildmaster didn't respond to that.

But his silence was telling.

Rui simply stared at him as he processed the current circumstances.

For the first time in a war for allies, the alliance had resorted to not just threats but also offers.

They came to rely on not just the stick but also the carrot.

That did not bode well for the Kandrian Empire.



Chapter 2342 Free Trade



He should have expected it, considering how important the Shionel Confederation was. However, it was more than just a bit shameless, considering that the alliance was also threatening to destroy the nation if it didn't agree with their terms.

Unfortunately, they could get away with it. Nôv(el)B\\jnn

Power was threatening to destroy your host and still be treated like a guest despite the hostility.

"What did he offer you?" Rui raised an eyebrow. "Must have been something special. I highly doubt that just an offering of financial compensation could have moved you."

The guildmaster stared at Rui with an inscrutable expression.

"However, it's not like they're in the best position themselves," Rui mused. "The Sekigahara Confederate sure as hell did not put up anything taxing. The Republic of Gorteau is not in the best place either. And while the Britannian Empire is fine, they probably offered you something that involved all of them as an alliance. No one partner would ever foot the bill of their peers. So…"

His eyes narrowed. "…They must have offered you something that wasn't resource or capital-intensive in the first place. Probably something involving their authority and influence."

A mild smile cracked at the edge of the guildmaster's mouth. "They offered an exclusive free-trade agreement treaty between myself and all members of the East Panama Treaty Alliance."

Rui's eyes sharpened gravely. "…With you as the guildmaster of this nation or you as the chairman of your company?"

"As the chairman of my company," Guildmaster Bradt replied lightly. "It is exclusive to my company alone. And I'm sure I do not need to tell you the advantages of this agreement."

He didn't.

His business inevitably required his delivery and transport convoys to pass through many countries and nations, each of which charged an import tariff. The further away the destination, the more he needed to pay en route.

However, an exclusive free-trade agreement treaty with all the members of the East Panamic Treaty Alliance would allow him to skip out on taxes that all others would have to pay, allowing him to cut down on his expenses significantly below any other competitor.

He was already an oligarch in East Panama.

With this agreement, he could go on to become the sole oligarch of distribution and delivery across the rest of human civilization. Every other nation and company would have no choice but to rely on him because all his competition would be dead due to this unfair free-trade agreement with the many countries in the enemy alliance.

It was no wonder that not even the juiciest of offers that Rui made were not instantly earning his agreement. What the prime minister was offering him was a straightforward elevation in his existing path.

Rui was offering a different path than the one he was walking on now and promised him that it would lead to greater places as long as he trusted the Kandrian Empire.

He understood why the former was more appealing on purely a surface-level.

However, that didn't mean it wasn't without its grave cons.

"That offer gives them immense power over you." Rui's tone grew stronger. "Do you think a contract or treaty is absolute? You think that they can't and won't revoke it after they no longer need your power? You complained about placing too much trust in the Kandrian Empire, but you're considering this deal? A deal that gives all the power to people who are threatening to destroy your nation if you don't do as they say?"

The guildmaster snorted. "There's a reason I have not accepted the offer. However, the circumstances are not identical. I cannot trust any one nation too much. This isn't one nation. And this deal gives me as much leverage over them as they do have over me."

Rui stared at him as he understood his point. "You plan to destroy competition the moment the treaty is signed and then entrench your company deep in their nations to the point that they will experience a recession without you."

"If they come to rely on me to supply them food, energy, material resources, then my absence would be devastating to the nation's stability. That gives me power. It gives me leverage. It helps that my nation is already an established oligarch in this sector in East Panama."

Rui stared at him as he understood why the man was considering it.

While he did indeed give the East Panamic Treaty Alliance too much power, he could also gain an equal amount of leverage if he played his cards immaculately.

However, a single mistake or unexpected outcome could cause this entire plan to come crashing down like a house of cards.

It was high-risk and high-reward.

"In comparison, our proposal is low-risk and high-reward," Rui remarked. "I don't see how the two plans are comparable. We are offering to give your company a nation for a base. A whole coastal nation with a highly developed sea-faring foundation that can more than replace your land-faring foundation and get rid of most tariffs, which is what they are offering. Our offer has that and more."

The guildmaster gazed at Rui with an unimpressed expression. "Only one plan involves the Shionel Confederation and my company getting attacked, Your Highness. This offer alone does not match yours, but I have not forgotten that I would be going to war with the East Panamic Treaty Alliance should I accept yours. As a businessman, I do not enjoy doing things that make me a lot of enemies. Especially in my sector."

Rui simply stared at him. "Yes, but having more enemies is not the same as having more risk. The Kandrian Empire has proven its ability to protect its allies. We have fewer Martial Artists, but we have an extraordinary advantage in tactical intel."

The guildmaster heaved a sigh. "That is why I'm seriously considering your offer. I'm afraid that it is deeply difficult for me to choose. However, I cannot delay this decision for too much longer. And so, I have come to a conclusion."

He closed his eyes. "I will make my decision after a joint conference with both the representatives of the Britannian Empire and Kandrian Empire."

-



Chapter 2343 Joint Conference



Rui's eyes widened with surprise. "A joint meeting…?"

Guildmaster Bradt nodded. "I will have both of you make your offers to me in each other's presence and give each of you the opportunity to poke holes in the other's strategies."

Rui stared at him, stunned. "Our offer involves confidential intelligence."

The guildmaster shrugged. "Don't mention it."

Rui narrowed his eyes. "Then we will be at a disadvantage."

"That is not my problem." The guildmaster's tone was decisive. "I will make my decision based on this final joint meeting."

"What if we refuse to participate in it due to the disadvantage?" "Then you will lose, Your Highness," the guildmaster calmly replied. "I will sign the treaty with the East Panamic Treaty Alliance then and there."

Rui stared at him with a powerful gaze. Yet, the man was entirely unperturbed.

Unfortunately for Rui, he was too shrewd to forget the fact that he was highly desired by both nations at an extremely important moment. He could get away with acting out of line because both nations deeply needed him to win the war. The Kandrian Empire needed to stop the momentum that was leading to a loss, and the Britannian Empire wanted to ensure that it continued.

The Shionel Confederation was extremely necessary for that.

That was why the guildmaster knew that he could get away with stringing both sides to play by his rules.

However, that wasn't all. "You're trying to set up an auction to maximize your yield," Rui grumbled.

The guildmaster smirked uncharacteristically. "I am a merchant, Rui. It is what I do. If you do not wish to participate, then you may as well leave, for I will not hesitate to ally with your enemies in that event."

Rui heaved a sigh. "I will participate."

The guildmaster nodded. "I appreciate that. I will have the meeting tomorrow. I do not wish to waste the time of either side as both dignitaries are highly important and powerful people."

And thus, Rui found himself dragged into an auction for the most powerful potential ally in the market against his enemies. He would need to buckle up because he would be facing Prime Minister Edward himself.

If he didn't play this right, he would make more concessions than he needed to. However, he had a pre-existing relationship, trust, and a history of partnership with Guildmaster Bradt. Thus he did have some advantage. It was the whole reason his father entrusted him with the mission.

Unfortunately, he didn't have much time either.

He just needed to hope that he was good enough to earn the Kandrian Empire a win in direct opposition to the Britannian Prime Minister.

"Well then," Guildmaster Bradt remarked, drawing his attention. "I suppose this meeting has come to an end, officially."

Rui smiled wryly. "I suppose it has."

Guildmaster Bradt leaned forward. "I heard two months ago that you're starting your own Martial Sect. The Water Sect."

Rui shrugged. "I am a Master. I have the right to start my own sect, and it was worth it in the long run for my progression."

He glanced at the merchant with some mirth. "Why, interested in becoming a disciple?"

The man stared at him dubiously for a second. "I am interested in getting the piece of the pie."

"What pie?" Rui snorted. "It's a non-profit organization. There's no money to be made by investing."

"I wasn't talking about revenue," Guildmaster Bradt insisted. "I was talking about the piece of the pie that is your Martial Art and Path. Considering all the revolutionary feats and possibilities that lie in your Martial Art, I have no doubt that you will change Martial Art forever once your techniques spread far and wide. Perhaps it will become even more important and significant to the Martial World than breathing techniques did when they were introduced by Her Transcendence the Breathless Beauty."

The Breathless Beauty had been the first Martial Artist to turn breathing from merely a process needed to sustain life to the basis of a technique that could be employed in Martial Artist Art in a variety of ways. It had gone from being a niche principle to becoming one of the most popular Martial principles in all of Martial Art. She was part of the first generation of Martial Artists and her Martial Path had gone on to become a universal path that almost all Martial Artists dabbled in to some extent.

"I appreciate that you hold me in such high regard, but she's a Martial Transcendent," Rui reminded him. "I am nothing compared to a Martial Transcendent. I don't think I can make as big an impact on Martial Art as she did."

"Maybe, maybe not," the guildmaster replied ambivalently. "However, even if you have one-tenth of an impact, it is still a massive accomplishment and feat. One that is worth becoming a part of."

Rui knitted his eyebrows. "What are you suggesting, Bradt? I'm not giving you a stake in my sect, if that's what you're wondering."

"Not at all." The guildmaster shook his head. "What I'm proposing is a partnership agreement that is similar to our previous partnership."

Rui raised an eyebrow in surprise. "You want to partner with me?"

"We dominated the market the last time we partnered more than twenty years ago," Guildmaster Bradt reminded him. "I don't see why we can't do it again."

Rui stared at him with a hint of amusement as he recalled their old partnership.

Rui had been able to dominate the dungeons thanks to an overpowered strategy, but he had had no means of selling it without getting caught. Hell, even without getting caught, conducting wide-scale commerce had been  extremely difficult and basically impossible in his circumstances.

Thus, Rui had proposed a partnership where the man handled logistics and commerce while he dug out the high-demand resources with ease, monopolizing the entire market.

He had to admit, it had been a rather exciting part of his life before he messed up and got caught by Chairman Deacon.

"What exactly," Rui asked, "do you have in mind?" -Nôv(el)B\\jnn



Chapter 2344 Profitable Partnerships



"As I said, it's a proposal for a partnership similar to our old one," Guildmaster Bradt replied with interest in his eyes. "Except this time, instead of esoteric ore resources mined from within the dungeon, we will be selling your Martial Art. After all, it is your Martial Art that is in high demand."

Rui stared at him with an intrigued expression. "Go on." Nôv(el)B\\jnn

"I'm proposing a commercial endeavor centered around selling your Martial Art and training resources associated with it," Guildmaster Bradt continued eagerly. "What I'm proposing is that we sign a partnership where you hand me a license for the distribution of your copyrighted Martial Art techniques and the patents of your Martial training resources. We set up training centers around the entire continent, not unlike the headquarters that you have currently in construction, and we set up a business model that involves paying for the learning of those techniques and the utility of their resources in a pay-per-use model, or a monthly subscription model, or, ideally, a governmental contract where we get annual payments for free use from the Martial Artists of that nation. Considering how high the demand for your Martial Art is, we stand to make a fortune."

Rui stared at him in disbelief.

What the guildmaster was saying was so out of anything Rui had ever thought of that he was rendered silent in shock as he stared at the man like he was speaking an alien language.

"You want to commercialize and contract all of human civilization to gain my Martial Art with monetary compensation by leveraging the demand born from me being able to break Martial Artists through?" Rui repeated everything he had said. "Seriously?"

"Do I look like I'm joking?" The man's eyes were steely. "We stand to make a killing the likes of which has never occurred in the Martial World."

"No," Rui retorted reflexively. "I don't care for money."

"Everybody cares for money."

"I am the crown prince of the most powerful nation in the world," Rui reminded him. "I do not care for money."

Guildmaster Bradt leaned back as he pondered over the matter. "Then do it for the same reason you created a sect in the first place."

Rui fell into thought at his words.

Unfortunately, they made sense.

The more people who mastered some kind of adaptive evolution, the greater the base from which he could borrow inspiration from. And that meant the likelier that he would be able to break through any potential bottlenecks when he eventually plateaued in his growth.

He was not arrogant enough to believe that he would be able to maintain astronomical growth forever.

Everybody had limits.

Eventually, he would just hit a plateau, and whenever he did, he would be grateful if he had a massive base from which he could borrow from. While he did have a powerful mind, he would not be able to beat the creativity of countless Martial Artists dabbling in adaptive evolution, and that was a good thing because it meant that he was bound to find something that, for all his brilliance, he had simply never thought of. That could help him find a way through the bottleneck.

After all, he wasn't the one who thought of this particular idea, either.

He glanced at the eager guildmaster.

The man was a thorough businessman and a particularly shrewd and keen one. His thoughts and perspective were eternally slanted towards discerning profits and potential profits.

Rui, on the other hand, had never—not even once—ever harbored such a perspective and that was precisely why he didn't come up with this idea.

Such a thing could happen even in Martial Art, where his perspective was skewed by his biases, identity, and experiences.

A smile emerged on his face.

It was funny that the very suggestion of the idea also happened to serve as proof that the idea was good.

"What if you decide to go with the alliance tomorrow?" Rui raised an eyebrow. "Then, we will be enemies."

Guildmaster Bradt was entirely unperturbed by that. "It is a product of the circumstances. However, that is that, and this is this. Business is business. Money is money. I didn't turn in the man who killed my mother. Instead, I leveraged it to blackmail him into signing a lucrative partnership with me that went on to become the foundation of my business and dominance. Whatever my personal enmity with him was, it was irrelevant. Business is business. Money is money."

Rui stared at him, speechless.

He had forgotten where he was. He was in the Shionel Confederation.

It was a group of merchants with a nation rather than a nation with a group of merchants. It was a cutthroat and ruthless world of business and money that could even make the Martial World look tame.

Still, it was because they were so cutthroat and ruthless that they were predictable. One could understand which direction they were going as long as one understood what direction the money was flowing and what direction it was about to flow.

He recalled how Chairman Decker had come to befriend Rui after he had killed the man's father with his own two hands.

Guildmaster Bradt was actually extremely transparent and predictable in that regard; he made this request because he wanted the money.

Rui heaved a heavy sigh. "I'm open to the idea. However, for it to be worth it for me, money cannot be the only acceptable form of payment."

Guildmaster Bradt raised an eyebrow. "A flexible payment system? Wise. I think stocks, equity, bonds, and other financial assets should be allowed, but I didn't think you would be that open-minded."

"I'm not." Rui scoffed. "I want Martial contributions to be a valid payment method. Specifically, adaptive evolution contributions."

The man narrowed his eyes. "Adaptive evolution does not pay the bills. Our profits will be diminished if we do that."

"Martial profit is the only profit I care about." Rui shrugged with a smile. "You will get your financial compensation as well, of course. Just much less. Think about it."

"…"

-



Chapter 2345: Settled Debt

﻿

The guildmaster stared at Rui with a pointed gaze. "Then, let us ensure that half of the payment is in money, which I will keep, and the other half is in Martial contributions, which you are entitled to."

Rui shrugged. "That's fine by me as long as I get what I need. Will you still be able to make a profit if only half the payments are monetary?"

"Of course. Have you any idea how many powers out there have come to lust for your Martial Art?" Guildmaster Bradt raised an eyebrow. "Even before it was revealed that you were responsible for the mass-triggered breakthroughs, your Martial Art had been highly desirable. However, after people came to learn that the secret to more frequent breakthroughs was hidden in the depths of Martial Art, demand for it has skyrocketed. In fact..."

He leaned forward. "If not for the fact that you are an extremely powerful Martial Master and are the prince of the most powerful Sage-level powerhouse in East Panama, you would be hunted alive for it by now. Why do you think the Silas Clan went into hiding?"

Rui knew that his circumstances protected him from the worst of the consequences of his abilities being leaked. He was quite fortunate not to be on the run for the rest of his life. His Martial Art was so desired that only becoming a Martial Sage could possibly protect him from the consequences.

"Well, just to be clear, I'm not selling the mass-triggered breakthrough ability." Rui's tone was firm.

"You would be a fool to," Guildmaster Bradt retorted. "Now, however, you need to ensure that you capitalize on the desire of people to be able to do the things that you can."

"People should know that they won't be able to do the things that I do just because they master my techniques," Rui mused. "I'm not special because of my techniques; my techniques are special because of me."

Guildmaster Bradt shrugged. "Those who are aware of that would still be inclined to invest in them due to that being the best option, and those who aren't aware would invest even more in it in hopes of becoming the next you."

"That would be incredibly foolish," Rui scoffed. "Surely the Martial Institutions around human civilization would not allow such a thing to happen."

The man shook his head. "You think every nation has robust and powerful Martial Institutions like the Martial Union? You are mistaken."

Rui fell into thought, considering his words. "...Alright, you have convinced me of the business potential."

"Brilliant." The man got up. "I shall draft the contract templates and we can proceed from there."

"Woah, slow down." Rui frowned. "You may be comfortable dealing with an enemy, but I'm not. Tomorrow's outcome will affect how I view this agreement and what measures I deem necessary. If you side against the Kandrian Empire, then I will be more cautious in how I deal with you. If you become an ally, however, you get free reign and monetary support from the Kandrian Empire. It all depends on your choice."

The guildmaster directed a pointed look at Rui.

He knew exactly what Rui was trying to do.

Rui was trying to add another incentive to the balance to try and tilt it to his side. He was trying to add to the list of reasons that the merchant ought to side with the Kandrian Empire.

"...I suppose we shall see then," the guildmaster replied with an ambivalent tone. "Until then, I will have you complete the favor you owe me, once and for all. I trust you have no issue with doing so before the joint meeting?"

Rui shrugged. "None at all. It's not like I can prepare much in the span of a single day, so I might as well get rid of a twenty-one-year-long debt that has been sitting on my shoulder. I have no intention of letting it last any longer."

He was actually truly shocked at how the man's patience turned a simple favor from a weak Squire into a repayment of mass-triggered breakthroughs that would supply him with brand- new Apprentices, Seniors, and Masters. Such was the ability of a merchant to extract the most amount of value from even the smallest of things.

"Then, this meeting has come to an end." Guildmaster Bradt extended a hand out, which Rui promptly shook. "I look forward to what you have to say in the joint meeting."

And thus, the first meeting with the guildmaster was complete.

Rui headed back to the prepared suite, heaving a sigh. "What do you think?"

"Hah, you were too nice to that sneaky merchant!" Sage Damian snorted, evidently fed up by the guildmaster's antics. "You should have told him that we would beat him up if he joined our enemies."n/ô/vel/b//in dot c//om

"I think you handled the negotiations very well," the Flashing Flier remarked. "However, the outcome is hardly set; you will need to be very careful."

Rui nodded. "For now, I need to break through as many Apprentices, Seniors, and Masters as possible."

Sage Roschem raised an eyebrow. "Do you truly intend to? It is an extremely precious service that you are just giving away to repay the favor you received when the latter is astronomically smaller in value."

"I cannot go back on my word," Rui replied. "Not only because I'm truly grateful to the man for helping me when he had no reason to, but also because it would undermine our credibility and trust if we didn't."

And sure enough, Rui fulfilled his favor to the guildmaster, breaking through Apprentices, Seniors, and Masters of his choice.

Considering that Rui wanted to finish it before the joint meeting, he worked for more than an hour, breaking through a large group of Apprentices, a few dozen Seniors, and four Masters.

An overwhelming majority of them were associated with the Bradt Distribution Service, while the remaining were associated with the Shionel government as a whole. While such a number was insignificant in the Kandrian Empire, they were a lot more valued in the Shionel Confederation.

And thus, after twenty-one years, his debt to the guildmaster was finally settled.



Chapter 2346: Diplomatic Preparations

﻿

Rui felt a weight wearing down on his shoulders.

He knew the stake of the meeting.

The Kandrian Empire needed to secure the Shionel Confederation at any cost.

Not that defeat was absolutely written in stone with no recourse if they didn't, of course. However, it would mean that the Kandrian Empire could potentially fall into a losing spiral as the enemy alliance would gain more momentum toward their goal of securing the Martial capital needed to avoid a pyrrhic victory.Nôv(el)B\\jnn

He needed to succeed, no matter what.

He had spent the previous day thinking about what he could say that could undermine the Britannian prime minister's case to the guildmaster. However, it wasn't easy to predict a man as able as him. If anything, he wasn't sure whether the man was predicting his strategy and tactics instead. The prime minister certainly had far more experience in this domain than Rui did, and it was possible that he could estimate exactly where Rui was going to go with this approach.

This made Rui a little paranoid on whether he should go with what seemed like the best option to him if it was indeed predictable by the Britannian prime minister.

"Calm down; don't let the importance of the meeting impede your composure," Emperor Rael remarked from the screen of the comm artifact. "You did quite well in the first meeting, from the looks of it. You have hammered in several reasons to ally with us. In fact, if not for the fact that the prime minister had significantly improved his offer, you most likely would have been able to secure an alliance."

Rui nodded. "It is rather unexpected that he added upon his offer this late into the negotiations. It complicates things, but it still ultimately falls into our favor. I don't think a free-trade agreement alone is enough to beat out all the incentives that we have set out."

His father was not surprised when he heard about the incentives that the Britannian prime minister had presented. "I knew that sooner or later, he would need to play ball and make offers instead of merely making threats. I suspect that the trigger for the decision this time was my decision to make you the ambassador of the Kandrian Empire."

"Any advice for the joint meeting?" Rui turned to him with a raised eyebrow. "I'm not as familiar with him as you are."

"Focus on Bradt, not the prime minister," his father calmly told him. "You may face the prime minister and even direct your words at him, but remember, what he thinks does not matter. The only person whose opinion matters is the guildmaster. Show him what he needs to see in order to believe that the Kandrian Empire's future is prosperous. You have already earned his trust with your past partnership and your willingness to keep your word and do him a precious favor as a repayment of your debt."

Rui nodded. "Our strengths are the trust and credibility that we have built, which make our juicy incentives even more alluring. Meanwhile, the only thing the prime minister has going for him is fear, which I can dismantle with our track record. His only incentive is shit compared to ours."

Emperor Rael nodded. "Naturally, but do not dismiss the power of fear. Merchants like Bradt especially hate getting into conflict if they can avoid it. However, he is experienced and pragmatic enough to understand that it cannot always be avoided. The whole purpose of the joint meeting is to evaluate which side's offers are able to hold up to hostile scrutiny better. He isn't expecting new information since both sides have already played all their cards. Now he wants to see how those cards fair when pitted against each other in the same room, and that will be the final bit of information he needs to finalize his decision."

"... What if Prime Minister Edward makes new offers?" Rui asked as his eyes wandered around, lost in thought. "That could potentially derail the entire game plan I have set."

Emperor Rael shook his head. "He cannot make more offers than he already has. A free-trade agreement works because it is relatively simple. However, he does not have the credibility to make more sophisticated and powerful offers that will excite the guildmaster the way our incentives do. Remember this, Rui. The more credibility you have, the more you can offer and be taken seriously. The prime minister cannot make more offers because he has already reached the end of the trust that the guildmaster has in him. He has also run out of threats to make."

Rui understood his father's broader message. "He has nothing left to offer, and he has nothing left to threaten with."

The prime minister had already threatened total destruction or imperial dominance at best.

What more could he say to threaten the guildmaster?

If that didn't work, then the alliance was in deep trouble.

"He will instead focus on tearing your position down," Emperor Rael explained astutely. "You need to ensure that you don't allow him to do that. You cannot allow him to make the entire conversation about the flaws of our position. You cannot allow yourself to be on the defensive. If he attacks our position, then defend by attacking his position. The shortcomings and flaws of his position must not be allowed to escape the spotlight."

Emperor Rael gave him several more tips on how to handle the conversation.

"Be open-minded," Emperor Rael advised. "I cannot instruct you on what to say and do in each and every situation, so you will need to remember that the end outcome is to secure the Shionel Confederation's alliance. Nothing else matters; it doesn't matter what you have to say as long as it helps in the direction of that outcome. You can rest assured that Edward is of this mindset as well."

Rui nodded. "Understood. I will keep that in mind."

Rui prepped for the discussion as well as he could as he solidified his diplomatic approach to the joint meeting.



Chapter 2347: Explosive Start



Soon enough, the next day arrived, and the joint meeting followed suit, arriving with it. The meeting that would decide whether the Shionel Confederation was ally or enemy to the Kandrian Empire was to commence.

Rui narrowed his eyes as he walked towards the conference room prepared for the joint meeting.

The air was electric.

It tingled.

He felt a burden weighing down on his shoulders.

He had reached a nexus point from which two broad possible sets of futures branched off. One where the Kandrian Empire gained a new ally, securing the power needed to deny the enemy alliance of the strength it needed to destroy the empire with dominance.

And the other was where the Kandrian Empire gained a new enemy.

One that would serve as the trigger sending  dominoes falling until they led to the destruction of the Kandrian Empire.

Rui tugged at it, trying to pull it in the direction of the former, but on the other side was a powerful foe that tugged just as hard.

STEP

He arrived at the door guarded by Masters on either side, pausing as his gaze swept across the conference room. It just so happened to land on the figure seated at the ostentatious table in the center of the room.

There he was, protected by the three Sage knights standing behind him. The Britannian Prime Minister regarded Rui with a smile, gesturing to the opposite side of the table.

An invitation.

One that Rui intended to oblige from the very start.

"You don't look very well, Prime Minister Edward," Rui remarked with a sharp tone as he sat opposite the man. "You should take care of your health."

His gaze intensified. "We wouldn't want anything happening to the leader of our enemies now, would we?"

A thinly-veiled threat.

Yet, it merely earned a smirk of amusement. "If you care so much about my health, then send the Divine Doctor to the Britannian Empire."

"Tempting, but I'll pass." Rui shrugged. "Your father wouldn't," Prime Minister Edward snapped back. "He understands, you see. In fact…" Nôv(el)B\\jnn

His smile grew deeper.

"He probably explicitly instructed you not to kill me, didn't he?"

Rui narrowed his eyes. "…An enemy wanting to keep you alive isn't something to brag about. Only idiots and traitors experience that treatment."

Yet, the prime minister chuckled at his words as he directed a knowing look at him. "There is more to the art of provocation than merely witty snapbacks, young Master."

Rui tutted inwardly as his attempts to rile up his opponent fell flat. Yet, the prime minister chuckled at his words as he directed a knowing look at him. "There is more to the art of provocation than merely witty snapbacks, young Master."

Rui tutted inwardly as his attempts to rile up his opponent fell flat. He wasn't surprised.

The man was far too experienced and proficient at diplomacy to be thrown off his tracks with such ease.

However, Rui was certain that he was unwell, despite the prime minister's attempt to hide it. He wasn't sure what was afflicting him given that the Britannian Empire, with all its resources, could not cure or alleviate, yet it was clearly something.

"Ambassadors," Guildmaster Bradt's voice drew their attention as he walked into the room, followed by Sage Sariawar. He took a seat at the head of the table. "You have my apologies for the delay. Without further ado, let us begin."

He cleared his throat. "I have given the positions and proposals from both sides an ample amount of thought and am confident that I will be able to come to a final decision by the end of the meeting. Let us commence the final round of negotiations. The Kandrian Empire was the first approach to me since the inception of the war for allies. Thus, I shall give them the first word, while the last word will go to Prime Minister Edward."

Rui's gaze shifted from the guildmaster, meeting the intense eyes of the prime minister.

It was time. "On one hand, you have an alliance whose only strategy is relying on the innate fear of death to intimidate our allies," he began with a calm tone. "On the other, you have an empire that has successfully protected every single ally in all of East Panama from the shallow tactics of the alliance. An empire with a perfect track record of absolute credibility and trust lasting three centuries. We promise prosperity and power to the Shionel Confederation, and we will deliver. The alliance has promised death and destruction to all Kandrian allies, and they have yet to deliver any results. The contrast could not be any sharper."

His opening statement was brief and focused. He didn't care to focus on the details.

Instead, he zoomed out, focusing on the big picture.

Yet, his words merely earned a smile from his opponent.

"Well, I'd hate to correct you, but technically, we did not promise death and destruction." He chuckled. "We only promised war. Because war was enough of a disincentive. However…"

His gaze fixed on the guildmaster. "…The reason that I have personally come all the way to the Shionel Confederation is not to promise war, but to promise death and destruction. We will not merely wage war against the Shionel Confederation. No…"

His tone grew malevolent as his bloodlusted vision turned to the guildmaster. "We will annihilate you, your company, and your country. We will annihilate everything you have ever built in your entire life. It will be catastrophe, not conflict, that you will experience. We do not need to win a war in order to destroy everything. Human civilization and the socioeconomic human constructs are fragile. Very fragile. You, of all people, know this."

Rui's eyes widened with shock as the prime minister abandoned all civility and openly threatened to destroy the Shionel Confederation to the guildmaster's face!

The guildmaster's eyes grew grave and severe.

"Bradt, do you really think that the combined bloodlust of three Sage-level powerhouses is something that the Kandrian Empire can protect you from?" Prime Minister Edward nonchalantly asked him. "Do you really think that bribing and external deterrents will cripple the Republic of Gorteau and the Sekigahara Confederate forever? Do you really think that a business centered around connectivity can survive when an entire section of human civilization seeks to destroy it? Do you really think…"

He turned to face Rui with a calm smile, "…this kid can protect you from our wrath?"

He leaned back with a confident demeanor as he completed his opening statement, waiting for Rui's rebuttal.

The joint negotiations were off to an explosive start.

-



Chapter 2348 Battle of Rhetoric



Rui could hardly believe the sheer audacity of the Britannian Prime Minister. The man had the nerve to travel all the way to the Shionel Confederation as a guest, seeking to make an ally of the nation, and then threaten to destroy everything Guildmaster Bradt had ever built.

He was brazen enough to not even be implicit with his threats as one often was in these circumstances. Instead, he very openly detailed what he would do to the Shionel Confederation if they chose to ally with the Kandrian Empire.

Unfortunately, he could get away with it. n/ô/vel/b//jn dot c//om

This was what it meant to be the strategic leader of the East Panamic Treaty Alliance. The sheer amount of power and influence that he wielded was second to none. He could get away with acting unscrupulously, even to those that he needed to ally with to achieve his desired victory against the Kandrian Empire. And, as audacious as it was, it was a genuinely impactful opening statement. It shook the atmosphere and made a deep impression on the guildmaster.

Even now, the guildmaster's expression was grave as he considered the sheer gravity of the Britannian Prime Minister's words. Rui narrowed his eyes.

This was not good.

He could not surrender the flow of the conversation this easily.

"Threats do not change the facts of the matter." Rui's tone was strong. "You can threaten death and destruction all you want, but the fact of the matter is that you simply do not have the ability to fulfill your lofty threats. Not only are our Martial Artists superior to yours, we also have the power to foresee the future, which is an enormous tactical advantage that has already nullified your numeric advantage. We have extraordinary treasures that can empower our net war potential."

He peered straight into the eyes of the prime minister. "If you were capable of doing what you claim, then you would have won this war long ago. After all…"

A small smile cracked at the edge of his mouth. "Isn't that why you haven't attacked Kandria yet? You don't have the power to destroy Kandria, which is why you need allies in the first place."

Guildmaster Bradt was aware of this fact, falling into thought as he considered Rui's argument.

The prime minister merely directed an appreciative look towards Rui. "Correct. However, the difference is that the Kandrian Empire is not a commercial trading hub with a massive amount of trade flux. Flux that may as well be the lifeblood of this nation. We do not need to inflict direct damage on this nation itself to fulfill my threat. Just turning the outskirts of the country into a warzone will be enough to doom the Shionel Confederation and all its merchants."

Guildmaster Bradt directed a severe look towards the Britannian Prime Minister.

He was right.

The Emperor of Harmony had achieved resource-independence before the war even began, thereby getting rid of any liabilities that would hurt in times of war.

The same could not be said for the Shionel Confederation.

As a merchant nation, it required the trade flux to sustain its very foundations as a nation. Trade flux that would be completely disrupted if the East Panamic Treaty Alliance mounted a full-scale war against the Shionel Confederation.

In other words, the prime minister didn't need to directly inflict death and destruction. He just needed to choke and suffocate the nation with war, and death and destruction would follow.

It was a ruthless tactic.

Yet, not ineffective.

The guildmaster was highly inclined not to watch his company and nation suffer death by suffocation.

"Except, the only reason you want allies in the first place is because you cannot accomplish anything other than a devastating pyrrhic victory," Rui snorted. "And now I'm supposed to believe that you are willing to wage the all-out war that you have been avoiding all this time? Give me a break. If you were willing to do that, you would have attacked the Kandrian Empire by now."

"It does not need to be an all-out war." The prime minister shrugged. "All it needs to do is be just devastating enough to send a message to the other neutral Sage-level nations. After all…"

A smile emerged on his face. "It's not as though you have deep relationships with each and every leader in East Panama as you do with the good guildmaster here, do you?"

Rui maintained a composed expression that did not reveal so much as a hint of what was happening.

But inwardly, he understood the weight of the situation.

Even if it was not profitable in the short term, the prime minister intentionally did his best to ensure the Shionel Confederation would suffer, even if he had to suffer himself.

Doing this would leave an extremely deep impression on the others who were undecided.

It would serve as a powerful deterrent for those who were especially stubborn or those who had come to believe in the Kandrian Empire's ability to protect them.

When they saw the East Panamic Treaty Alliance smothering the Shionel Confederation to death, they would lose all hope in the Kandrian Empire's ability to defend them.

"Shionel Confederation, the Kandrian Empire is not winning the war for allies." Prime Minister Edward's voice was ominous. "Even if you win the Shionel Confederation to your side, it won't be enough. And what we do to this nation will ensure that not a single other nation will join the Kandrian Empire."

"You underestimate us," Rui growled. "You may try to spin your failures thus far anyway you want. But the fact of the matter remains. You attacked our allies and failed to accomplish anything other than highlight our tactical and strategic dominance. You deployed force after force to do their worst against our allies. And we beat them back every time."

Rui's gaze sharpened. "Every. Single. Time."

The Britannian Prime Minister could not deny this fact.

Rui's decision to highlight the pure facts made the prime minister's rationalizations seem like excuses to deflect them from the truth of the matter. However, that wasn't all that he needed to do. He needed to find a way to be as rhetorically effective as the prime minister.

-



Chapter 2349 Manipulating Fear



From the start of the meeting, the prime minister had been tapping into the guildmaster's fears. He didn't make an excessively logic-driven argument or take a data-driven approach to try and convince the guildmaster that siding with them was objectively the best decision.

No.

He simply asked questions that focused on the guildmaster's fear of three Sage-level nations.

He asked him whether he thought that the Kandrian Empire could protect him from the alliance.

He asked him whether he thought Rui could protect him from the alliance.

He simply asked whether it was truly a decision he wouldn't come to regret.

These were questions with absolutely no rational foundation and were simply designed to place the guildmaster in a negative state of mind.

Of course, the guildmaster was cognizant of the prime minister's machinations. However, it did not stop them from working due to the fact that they were based in some truth.

Could the Kandrian Empire, a single powerhouse, protect him from the wrath of the alliance?

Was it worth putting his trust in Rui?

Was it worth taking the risk?

Rui's expression grew grave as he fully understood this dynamic and the fact that he couldn't allow it to continue.

He also understood that vainly hammering their credibility over and over again like a broken record was not an effective diplomatic strategy. The guildmaster was very well aware that the Kandrian Empire had successfully beaten back the alliance's attacks on all its allies in East Panama. There was no point in reiterating it any more than he already had.

On top of that, there was no point in offering any more benefits and offers than the Kandrian Empire already had. Their offers were already extremely generous, and adding anything on top of everything that they had already promised would only have diminishing returns.

All the riches and treasures in the world didn't matter if the Bradt Distribution Service and the Shionel Confederation were too dead to enjoy them.

Rui needed something new.

He recalled his father's words.

"Be open-minded," Emperor Rael had told him. "It doesn't matter what you say as long as the Shionel Confederation becomes an ally."

An idea popped into Rui's head as he understood what he needed to say.

"The Kandrian Empire may not be as blood-thirsty as the alliance, but…" His voice grew ominous. "Rest assured that we will not show mercy to those who ally with enemies that seek to destroy us."

The two men stirred at his words with a hint of surprise.

Rui's words were a threat.

Of course, he wasn't as audacious as the prime minister. He took the standard diplomatic way of trying to make threats without coming off as actively hostile. More importantly, they realized that the Kandrian Empire had decided that it was no longer enough to work with incentives and benefits.

The Kandrian Empire, for the first time in the war for allies, had decided to use the stick.

A smile emerged on the prime minister's face while the guildmaster directed a pointed gaze to him. "It is no secret that we Kandrians do not enjoy conflict," Rui continued with a calm yet sharp tone. "It is no secret that we have a dovish foreign policy that prioritizes harmony. However, do not mistake it for dogma. We very much prefer harmony, but if it is not possible, then rest assured…"

The darkness in his eyes stirred menacingly. "We have no issue setting the world ablaze."

Guildmaster Bradt's eyes sharpened with severity while the prime minister expressed a hint of grudging respect.

"Did you really think that we would just sit back and watch if you dared to support enemies that fight to destroy us?" Rui raised an eyebrow. "Do you think the alliance will be able to protect you from us?"

His gaze shifted back to the prime minister. "What do you think is more important to the alliance, guildmaster? Protecting you or destroying the Kandrian Empire?"

Guildmaster Bradt turned his eyes to the prime minister.

"The Britannian Empire will protect you Martially while the Republic of Gorteau will support you economically," the prime minister reassured him. "We do not simply abandon allies in war."

"And what credibility do you have?" Rui retorted. "Why should he believe you? The Kandrian Empire has proven that it will fight to protect its allies by actually doing just that for the past three months. We have fought many times to protect them, and there is no question about that. However, what proof is there that the alliance will do the same?"

"History," Prime Minister Edward replied nonchalantly. "We have protected our colonies in the event of an attack throughout the Age of Martial Art."

"Colonies?" Rui smiled. "Is that what the Shionel Confederation is to you? A colony and not an ally?" Nôv(el)B\\jnn

The prime minister's eyes narrowed. "We have not colonized our allies."

"But you don't have precedence of protecting them, either," Rui pointed out, gaining momentum. "After all, you have only protected colonies, which does not mean that you will protect allies. Unless, of course, you think that your allies are your colonies."

Rui continued to try and rhetorically hammer in the point that the Britannian Empire looked at its allies as mere entities to colonize. If he could drive that point home, then he would be able to ensure that the guildmaster would not want to cooperate with the alliance. After all, nobody wanted to ally with a person who looked at them as though they were slaves.

Unfortunately, Prime Minister Edward was far too shrewd to be outmaneuvered so easily.

"Do you know why we don't have precedence?" He smiled. "It's because nobody dares to attack our allies. We are not soft like you Kandrians. We do not tolerate affronts. That is why you are the ones under attack. Trying to flex that like it is something to be proud of is simply proof that you are not worth allying with. Any powerhouse that cannot deter others from attacking their allies is not worth allying with."

-



