Chapter 2290  Environmental Energy Redirection



Now that Rui thought about it, he had never seen her fight, even back then. He had never seen any of the warriors of the G'ak'arkan Tribe fight against their peers or their enemies.

Of course, he knew that they were all specialized in long-range combat. Thus, he already knew what her Martial Path was going to be about, largely speaking. He was interested in whether she would show him something new.

STEP

The two of them arrived at a distant yet large and uninhabited island that was out of the field of vision of Vilun Island. They didn't want to accidentally kill everybody if their Martial Embodiments were somehow visible even that great distance away, unlikely as it was.

Rui's, in particular, would kill Martial Artists as well, not just civilians.

BADUMP!

Their Martial Hearts burst into power as they activated it, followed shortly by their Martial Minds.

That was when she saw his Embodiment.

Her eyes widened with pure shock as a tsunami of endless darkness flooded the entirety of the world.

It subsumed all of heaven and earth, consuming them outright.

A flood of information greater than any other she had ever been hit with crashed into her mind as she felt a burden weighing down on her mind.

It wasn't light, but it was far from enough to paralyze her.

"Not bad." Rui smiled. There have been those who have been unable to do even what you have."

She narrowed her eyes. "Don't patronize me!"

WHOOSH!

She surged forward as her very existence seemed to transform in Rui's eyes.

She became the sharp winds of the chilly north, ones that could almost cut everything that they touched.

WHOOSH!!

She breathed in deeply, manipulating the heavens to her beck and call.

Rui simply waited.

They both knew that she was the challenger.

Of course, Rui also knew that Masters could not be judged by intuition alone. However, even then, he was almost certain that he was stronger than her.

If she wanted to be treated like an equal, she would have to earn it.

What followed, however, surprised him.

WHOOOOOSH!!

His eyes widened as she unleashed a remarkable wind blast that soared towards him at lightning-fast speeds, threatening to wipe him away with a single attack.

BOOOOOM!!

Rui narrowed his eyes as he endured the tremendous wind blasts, dispersing its power with Flux Earther.

Yet, he frowned. "How did you…?"

How did she release an attack that was twice as powerful as the energy that her body generated?

That was what he wanted to ask.

Unfortunately, he didn't have the chance.

WHOOOSH WHOOOSH WHOOOSH!

Before he knew it, several blasts of wind converged upon him at remarkable speeds.

BAM BAM BAM!!!

He swerved through the air, evading them by an inch.

Wind blasts tended to be slower than sound attacks, but they also tended to be much wider than sound attacks, making them even harder to avoid.

Yet, despite having avoided them, he couldn't help but frown.

"Why am I having trouble predicting her attacks…?"

WHOOSH WHOOSH WHOOSH WHOOSH WHOOSH!

He sensed her manipulating heaven and earth ahead of time, yet he was unable to foresee the five attacks that converged upon them.

BOOOOOOM!!

"Tsk, how is he avoiding my heavenly wrath blasts!?" She grumbled as she continued to attack with attack after attack.

Rui, on the other hand, was pleasantly surprised to see her demonstrating that he had indeed never seen before.

He studied her like a hawk, observing her passive patterns such as the shifting of her body weight, her breathing, and her muscle tension and twitches.

He foresaw a great exertion in power in about two microseconds, yet—

WHOOSH WHOOSH WHOOSH! n/ô/vel/b//jn dot c//om

His eyes widened as he failed to foresee the three wind blasts that converged upon him from outside of the Tempestuous Feel.

BAM BAM BAM!

He met them with three Might Roar Flash Blasts, dispelling them with effortless ease.

"Hah! You've gotten really good at that technique!" She grinned, recognizing them on the spot.

The G'ak'arkan Tribe had been the one to teach that technique to him in the first place, after all. Rui had taken the liberty to show off how smooth his proficiency with the technique had grown in the past twenty years.

"Hah, let's go; we're just getting started," Her hands and legs began swaying as she activated yet another breathing technique. Her movements generated even greater wind currents by virtue of the sheer power that underlied them.

Yet, it wasn't as though power was directly being flung at Rui, no. Instead, she created pressure and temperature gradients that harnessed the ambient kinetic energy of the winds and the air over an enormous amount of volume and amplified with her own heaven-bending before directing it towards Rui in a remarkably short timeframe.

A single gust of wind with enormous power.

BOOOOOM!!

"Got him!" She exclaimed with a grin.

Unfortunately, she only realized that her rejoice was misplaced.

"I see. So, that is how you utilized my Pathfinder technique. It's impressive, really."

She froze as Rui's calm voice emerged from the cloud of dust.

"You utilized the Pathfinder's extrapolation of local atmospheric change to increase the range of your atmospheric energy redirection."

In other words, her Martial was centered around long-range environmental energy redirection, and Pathfinder was the perfect tool to increase the range and scope of her energy redirection.

In other words, as long as she was able to understand the specifics of how the atmosphere was going to change, she could drain the atmosphere's energy over huge radii and redirect it to empower her attacks.

She would have undoubtedly needed to modify the Pathfinder technique to increase its scope from one dimension to three dimensions.

It sounded simple, but it was actually extremely difficult.

STEP

Rui emerged from the dust cloud unharmed. "No wonder you took an entire decade after that; it's actually quite impressive."

"Tsk," she tutted as she fired several attacks at him.

THWOOM THWOOM THWOOM!

Yet, just as they were about to hit him—

WHOOSH…

They dispelled out of nowhere, seemingly disappearing into thin air.

"Unfortunately, I have already adaptively evolved to them."

He had no intention of explaining how.

WHOOSH!

In the blink of an eye, he arrived before her as a powerful Yin-Yang Spear surged towards her.

-



Chapter 2291: Indulged

﻿

His attack came close.

Yet, it wasn't close enough.

WHOOSH!

In the final moment, K'Mala was just barely able to move out of the way, avoiding the extraordinary attack. She barely managed to activate a breathing technique that shifted the heavens along with her.

A wasteful technique that squandered most of its energy but instead offered a quick getaway in times when she couldn't afford to wait too long.

This had been one of those times.

"Huff...Huff..." She panted, drenched with sweat, as she stared at Rui with an aghast expression.

Just then, she felt it.

The immense peril of his attack.

She had just avoided death.

"I had a feeling that you wouldn't be done in that easily," he lightly commented. "That's good. The battlefield is chaotic, you know? You need to be quick on your feet if you want to survive it."

She glared at him. "Don't patronize me. I've been fighting in wars far longer than you have!" The heavens stirred as she harnessed their power, guiding and amplifying it with her own.

The heavens converged upon Rui.

Yet, he had already adaptively evolved to her.

"You're constrained by the energy dynamics of the atmosphere," Rui remarked, activation technique. "As long as I know that, it is easy to predict what you'll do. And what I can foresee, I can also overcome."

WHOOSH!

She grew stunned as a resistive force impeded her ability to harness the heavens.

Yet, Rui was hardly done.

While he activated his breathing techniques to generate currents and pressure gradients, they impeded her efforts to redirect the power of the heavens against him. This was a sub- technique application of the Muspelheim and the Niflheim that allowed him to manipulate the heavens with great control and precision.

Of course, that also meant that he himself couldn't manipulate the heavens when resisting her efforts.

However, he didn't need to.

WHOOSH!

He arrived before her in the blink of an eye.

"Let's see how good you are in close quarters in combat."

BAM BAM BAM!!!

"Rrrgh!" She grimaced as she threw together a guard that barely allowed her to withstand his offense without losing consciousness then and there. She was not a close-quarters specialist as a long-range Martial Artist. Yet, she knew that he wouldn't go too easy on her just because of that.

She was grateful that he hadn't used that extraordinary attack earlier.

His power was so great that he could kill her with a single blow.

This was especially because the differences in their Martial Bodies were too great. It was why he was impressed with her performance despite how poor it was.

She would be much stronger once she consumed some augmentation potions to improve her physicality and had the Divine Doctor improve her primitive Martial Body.

POW POW POW!!

He adopted a hybrid infighting-outfighting boxing style, pummeling her with a series of short but swift blows as she struggled to keep up with them.

He was regulating his strength to ensure that he pushed her to her very limits and not an inch beyond.

Yet, the fact that he was holding back to such a degree only frustrated her even more. Just twenty years ago, she had been a Senior while he had been a Squire.

Since then, he has not only managed to close the gap between them but also skyrocketed far past her in the Master Realm.

She could tell that he was only using a minute fraction of his full, complete combat power, so much so that she hadn't the faintest idea just how strong he was. He did say that he was worried, but now she wondered if she was entirely outmatched by the Masters of the main continent.

"Let's see how good you are when it comes to grappling."

CLASP

He charged at her abdomen, going for a takedown that she was entirely too late to react to. BOOOOOM!!!

The takedown caused a crater wider than a city, at the center of which were the grappling Masters.

Rui could tell that she was entirely inexperienced. She struggled awkwardly as she wrestled in his grasp, trying to break free.

Unfortunately, while Rui was no grappling specialist, he was more than proficient enough to outmaneuver a novice in that regard. Since the G'ak' arkan Tribe did not have foundational Martial Stages as the Martial Academies did, she did not have even a decent foundation in the

field.

CLASP

His arm coiled around her neck, strangling her and restricting her blood flow.

Chokeholds were finishers in most cases.

This was one of those cases.

TAP TAP

Rui released his grip on her upon feeling her tapping out.

The two of them laid them, trying to catch their breath.

K'Mala more than Rui, of course.

"You're stronger than I could have imagined."

Her voice was filled with admiration and bitterness.

Yet, Rui could sense more.

"Well, thanks."

She turned around, facing him head-on.

Complicated emotions and sensations lit up in her eyes and her mind.

"How are you so strong?" She demanded to know.

Rui shrugged. "Talented, I guess."n/o/vel/b//in dot c//om

She stared at him in disbelief. "Is it even possible to be that talented? I was considered to be extremely talented in the G'ak'arkan Tribe, but I have never seen so much grow so strong so quickly. Tell me, how did you get so strong?"

He heaved a sigh. "I have circumstances that have worked in my favor that you might as well consider talent. So, ultimately, I am simply gifted in ways that you cannot even begin to

imagine."

"...It's not fair." She complained bitterly. "If I was born on the main continent, I would have been much stronger than I am now."

Rui couldn't argue with that. It was simply true that even if she was born in a weak nation, she could have immigrated to a stronger nation that would have allowed her to be much stronger

than she is now.

Her hands ran across his body in her envy.

She could have had such a powerful Martial Body if she had been born in the Kandrian Empire, too. She would have been able to live to her maximum potential with the efficient Martial culture and resources of the Martial Union.

Rui could sense the envy and jealousy she had for his Body.

And her arousal.

Her hands ran up his body as his deep gaze met her suggestive eyes. She could feel his heavy

heartbeat ringing against hers as she leaned in, drawing closer. Their lips met, pressing into each other as their hands ran across each other's body, unclothing each other.

Their stay on the deserted island lasted far longer than the duel did.



Chapter 2292: Rare Event

﻿

Rui knew that he probably shouldn't have indulged his urges and lust, especially in those circumstances. He was the formal ambassador of the Martial Union and the Kandrian Empire. It reflected poorly on both those organizations if he engaged in illicit activities while representing them.

Yet, it was precisely because of these circumstances that he felt deeply aroused.

Back in the Kandrian Empire, his status had reached unprecedented levels for any Martial Master, achieving a realm of political and Martial power that was extraordinarily high even by the standards of Martial Sages.

If he desired women, he could have himself an ocean of them.

Yet, all of them sought him for status as a Master, his status as the informal crown prince, his status as the diamond boy of the Martial Union. Without them, they would be gone, which turned him off. The effort it took to find a partner that wasn't primarily driven by such greed was too much.

K'Mala, however, had no idea that he was the prince of the Kandrian Empire. She didn't know that he was an extremely important person in the Martial Union. Of course, she was well aware of his Martial power, and that was primarily why she lusted after him.

Still...n/ô/vel/b//in dot c//om

It felt more personal than any advance he had ever received from most other women after returning to the Kandrian Empire. It deeply turned him on for the first time in years as he proceeded to fully indulge in his lust in abandon.

An entire day passed by the time they were done.

"Huff...huff...huff..."

The two lay on the ground as they panted heavily, exhausted.

"I... accept your offer." She remarked, resting her head on his chest. "I look forward to seeing what the world has to offer. That island is too small for me now that I have reached the fourth rank."

"You probably shouldn't be limited that you can effortlessly destroy with a single attack. The Kandrian Empire has training resources that could fully contain the might of the Master in a small region. You can train and fight to your heart's content while you're there."

She ran her fingers through his abdomen with an excited smile.

"We even have thought techniques that have gotten even more popular after I became Master; it's still not too late for you to explore the full depth of your capacity for thought.

That you make her more enthusiastic about accepting his offer.

She looked forward to making the most of her potential.

She looked forward to learning about the power of a Higher Realm.

There was a lot that she looked forward to.

As for her tribe.

"Hmph." Her eyes flared with cold resentment. "I'm done with those ungrateful fools. I tried to educate them, to show them a life beyond meaningless daily violence. But, they only resent me for it. Why should I sacrifice myself for people who don't appreciate the future that I'm trying to lead them to? I will miss the children, but there is a limit to how much I can do as well."

In other words, she was abandoning the G'ak'arkan Tribe.

It was not a light decision.

Normally, the G'ak'arkan Tribe punished all those who abandoned the tribe with a public execution.

In this case, however, the G'ak'arkan Tribe was sorely lacking in power to enforce that norm. Rui was sure that N'Kulu and K'Ahru would be extremely happy to hear about her decision to leave the Tribe. It was in line with the goal that they had originally requested of Rui, but he fulfilled it in a way that benefited all parties involved.

"I'm sure that the Martial Union will be happy to accommodate you."

Getting new Masters was always a good thing.

"Fighting you, however, has taught me that I'm sorely lacking in awareness of how battles between Masters are fought on the mainland are fought." She frowned.

This was not a small problem.

Still, it was far from insurmountable.

"It can be solved; we can get you a large amount of training in a short amount of time," Rui reassured her.

"Mmm...I look forward to that," she replied drowsily, slowly falling asleep in his arms.

The exhaustion and strain from the Mind took over as they fell asleep for quite some time. Until, of course, they woke up.

When Rui opened his eyes, he jolted upward with a shock as his senses spread around, inspecting their surroundings for any threats.

"Stupid, should have gotten back to the island first." He massaged his forehead, cursing himself.

He was lucky to be alive, considering how many people wanted to kill him.

He glanced at her sleeping peacefully as he realized that he was more impulsive than he had realized. Just the fact that he learned more about himself was worth the risks he had

undertaken.

After that, he woke K'Mala up as they swiftly headed back to Vilun Island and the village.

"There you are..." Master Ceeran peered suspiciously. "I was wondering if I should raise the

alarm back home."

"Did you?" Rui's eyes widened.

"No, but what were you doing all this time?" He raised an eyebrow.

"Sparring, of course," Rui replied in a perfectly nonchalant voice. "What did you think we were doing?"

He raised an eyebrow, throwing a dubious expression at Master Ceeran.

Unfortunately, while he was well-trained in controlling his body language, the same could not be said about K'Mala, who could not help but recall everything that they had gone and done in the heat of the moment.

"Sparring... was it?" Master Ceeran peered suspiciously at her.

Whether he had merely suspicions or had figured out the truth, he didn't interrogate them any further, much to Rui's relief.

That day, K'Mala made her announcement to the G'ak'arakan Tribe regarding her decision to step down as the chieftain and to leave the G'ak'arkan Tribe.

Her announcement was met with positivity, which only made her more determined to leave.

"Mission accomplished," Rui told Master Ceeran. "Told you it would only take a day."

"Yes, I'm sure your 'unconventional methods' were highly useful in winning over her heart," Master Ceeran snorted.

Rui smiled wryly at his words. "I suppose they were."



Chapter 2293: Urgent Matters

﻿

Soon enough, it was time to leave.

The G'ak'arkan Tribe had no formal system of governance and power; thus, the transfer of power from daughter to father was effortless and instantaneous.

Rui and K'Mala departed from the island after bidding Ceeran goodbye, who chose to spend more time studying some of the unusual techniques of the tribe in detail.

"What kind of place is the Kandrian Empire like?" She wondered.

"...Big," Rui muttered. "It's hard to describe to a person who has lived on an island her entire life. But, the Kandrian Empire is absolutely enormous."

"Bigger than Vilun Island?" She asked with a flash of curiosity.

Rui snorted at her question. "A billion times larger. Let's go, I'll show you."

BADUMP! BADUMP!

They activated their Hearts and Minds as they surged towards the Kandrian Empire at top speed. With the speed of a Martial Master, they were able to cover an enormous amount of distance in a short amount of time.

When she beheld the east coast of the Kandrian Empire, she could not help but gasp at the sheer scale of civilization that she witnessed.

An enormous spread of buildings and harbors spread across the entirety of the coast of the Port Town of Farund, stretching beyond where the eye could see. She marveled at the infrastructure of the buildings that littered the enormous town and beyond.

She could not help but gasp at the sheer number of ships that came to and left from the harbors across the entire port town.

It was beyond anything she had imagined possible.

"Incredible..."

She could feel the bustling energy of the people working in the town brimming with energy, one unlike anything she had ever seen in Vilun Island.

"The Kandrian Empire's maritime industries have increased astronomically in the past three years thanks to the efforts of my father and half-sister," Rui informed her. "Since then, we have connected with the entire world through the Great Nam Ocean, strengthening our position in human civilization even as our enemies try to harm our connections to the world." He smiled as he enjoyed her unadulterated reaction to the Kandrian Empire.

Although he was nationalistic or patriotic, he did take pride in the Kandrian Empire. It was far from perfect, but considering how the other powerhouses turned out to be, he was definitely proud of the way that the Kandrian Empire turned out to be as a nation.

It also put into perspective the things that everybody took for granted.

The wonders of human civilization were miracles in and of themselves to people like K'Mala, who came from a small island with nothing. This was especially true for the Kandrian Empire, which was trending to be a powerhouse among powerhouses.

For the first time in his life, gazing at the Kandrian Empire, he truly felt like he was a prince.

It was a truth that never fully sunk in, at least not in his feelings.

Yet, looking at the visible awe, admiration, and amazement on her face, he felt proud of the Kandrian Empire as its crown prince, as someone with the birthright to rule over the Kandrian Empire.

Of course, he still wanted nothing to do with actually ruling the Empire.

Yet, nothing fell off about the strange contradiction.

He shrugged as the two of them headed deeper into the Kandrian Empire, traveling slowly as they took in more sights and places.

Mundane things that Rui had seen perhaps a million times were able to sprout a variety of emotions in K'Mala.

"What's that?!"

"A bridge."

"And that?!"

"A carriage."

"And this?!"

"A canal."

They arrived at their destination, and Rui gently indulged her curiosity all the way through.

"And... what's this?" She whispered with awe.

"This..." Rui slowly descended. "...Is the headquarters of the Martial Union."

K'Mala had never seen an establishment so absurdly enormous.

The headquarters of the Martial Union was large enough to be considered its own town, even if very small. Within it, all major decisions impacted not just the entire town or even region but the entire nation and all of East Panama.

It was difficult for K'Mala to fathom that it was possible to even create something this large.

"Go," Rui instructed. "I have informed the Martial Union of your decision. A team of assistants and managers who have been trained in the Vilun Dialect is waiting for you. Thus, you have nothing to worry about. They'll aid you with everything you need and need to do to join the Martial Union and partake in the war. They are even authorized to give a briefing on human civilization."

She turned to him.

"You won't be coming?"

He shook his head. "I have pressing matters to attend to."

She hesitated for a moment before nodding. "Alright, then, can we meet again?"

"When you're done with the most important matters, I suppose. That can take some time. As I said, I have important matters to attend to. But, we'll be seeing each other soon enough."Nôv(el)B\\jnn

She nodded. "Until then."

Rui heaved a brief sigh as he watched her enter the Martial Union headquarters.

He was not good at regulating relationships. However, it didn't appear that she was too interested in pursuing a deep romantic relationship with him.

That was good.

While he indulged himself with her, he was not willing to pursue a relationship yet. He was quite certain about that. He had too much to do, to work on before he could even seriously

consider it.

His eyes narrowed as he grew more serious.

He had had his fun on the island.

More than he should've.

But now that he was back, he couldn't afford to waste more time.

Two particular matters of import came to mind.

One of them was the matter regarding his sect.

He wasn't enthused about it and reluctantly accepted it as a prudent measure if he ever hit the

bottleneck.

Now, however, he wanted to establish another tool that could help him reach the Sage Realm.

The second matter was actually more urgent consideration.

"I need to decide where I will be deploying myself in the war for allies."

His significance in the war was so high that wherever he chose, it would definitely impact the

situation.



Chapter 2294  Sect Considerations



Rui intended to begin immediately working on his sect and ensure that it was at least underway before he left the nation to win over and reinforce allies of the Kandrian Empire. As much as he wanted to leave immediately and partake in a Master-level battleground, he needed to ensure that he did whatever he needed to get done with setting up the seed of his sect so that it may bear him fruit when he needed it.

He didn't know how long he would be away from the Kandrian Empire.

Wars were rarely resolved in a matter of months, after all.

It was entirely possible that he would spend years away from the Kandrian Empire.

Thus, he ought to ensure that he handle all the tasks in the Kandrian Empire before heading out to partake in a historic war that would define the future of East Panama.

"My goal with creating my sect, the Water Sect, is to have as many Martial Artists with Martial Paths that are centered around the concept of Adaptive Evolution practicing and pursuing Adaptive Evolution," he reminded himself, closing his eyes. "The more such Martial Artists there are, the better."

That was the objective of the Sect Project.

"What are the conditions necessary to achieve this objective?"

He began breaking down the goal and the requirements that he would have to fulfill to achieve his objective.

"Well, for one, the sect needs to be created."

That was a pretty basic no-brainer.

Yet, creating a sect was not a simple or easy matter.

For one, it was an organization that was created by like-minded Martial Artists when it came to Martial Paths with the goal of spreading the underlying field that characterized their Martial Path to increase the number of Martial Artists so that their field could progress and grow stronger, ensuring they grew stronger.

The most prominent way that they did this was by levying their numbers in the Annual Martial Fiscal Committee meeting, where they allocated, through votes, how two allocate capital to Martial Art.

The way they grew their field with Martial Artists was to incentivize and attract Apprentices, Squires, and often even Seniors to join their sect with various schemes such as training and growth resources, as well as the guidance and tutelage of Martial Artists of higher Realms, techniques not available in the Martial Union, among other things.

Rui recalled being scouted by the major sects, among others, from the time he was an Apprentice. He had lost track of the number of sects that had tried to recruit him, especially after he returned as the youngest Senior in history.

While Rui never accepted these offers due to not wanting to compromise the balance in his Martial Art, many Martial Artists did accept their offers in hopes of getting perks to improve their Martial Art progression. They joined the sect that matched their sect the closest while contributing their techniques to the sect, as mandated per their contract, while using the sect's resources and offers to progress as far as possible.

Thus, sects were able to grow their field by attracting Martial Artists, which increased their progress, and the number of Masters they had, which also increased their progress.

"This is how a sect functions, but what are the elements that comprise a sect?" He mentally jotted down the things that he needed to found and maintain a functioning sect.

There were many elements that comprised a sect.

Sects as organizations were comprised of the actual non-profit entity registered on paper in the records of the Ministry of Corporate Affairs. This would be the technical entity under which the land, inventory, and treasury of the sect would be registered as recognized by the government.

In other words, Rui needed to create an organization on paper with the Ministry of Corporate Affairs before purchasing enormous swathes of land upon which he would build his headquarters. This in and of itself could be an annoyingly long task that couldn't be finished soon. He would definitely need to contract with one of the mega-construction companies in the nation to undertake a project of this magnitude. "Also, it would need to be maintained smoothly in a manner that ensures that it is able to fulfill its purpose." n/ô/vel/b//jn dot c//om

He would need a dedicated administrative team to care for all these matters; he could do it himself if he wanted to, but there was absolutely no way in hell that he would be willing to take such time-consuming matters into his own hands.

"Fortunately, I still have Michaela and the rest of my faction administrative staff on retainer."

He didn't just fire all of them after his faction dissolved. He kept them on standby while paying them high salaries to ensure that they didn't need to go elsewhere, giving them minimal work around matters surrounding him.

After all, it would be a waste to get rid of a team that had been vetted as much as they had been. Given that there had been no major information leaks during his time as a competitor for the throne, they had proven that they were trustworthy enough.

Thus, he had kept them all this time. And, now, he had the perfect job to put them to.

He could have them serve as the administrative staff of his sect; they could handle all logistics, management, and oversight on the development of the sect. Of course, they could only handle the technical minutiae; there were things that only he could handle.

For example– What were the incentives, benefits, and gains that would attract Martial Artists to his sect?

Yet he was extremely popular in the Martial Community; however, that alone would not make his sect popular. He needed to offer something that would make Martial Artists join his sect instead of other sects.

That wasn't going to be easy since other sects had plenty of Martial Artists and tons of resources and techniques to offer.

The question was, how was he going to match that?

A smile emerged on his face as a flood of ideas came to him. "This will be fun."

-



Chapter 2295  Partnering Agreements



"So, if I'm getting this correct, sir, your goal is to create a Martial sect, and you wish to manage and oversee its creation and management after its creation?" n/ô/vel/b//in dot c//om

"Correct." Rui nodded at Mikhaela. "For now, I just need the minutiae of the planning of the sect to be taken care of. Only once that's done can we actually create a sect. Until then, we have to set up things. I hope to delegate the management and oversight of this project to you guys. What do you say? Interested in getting hired by the Water Sect?"

She smiled at him. "I would be honored, sir."

"Good. I'll create the organization on paper soon and register the former administrative staff of my faction as employees of the new sect. Spread the world and create an administrative structure fitting for the sect."

"Understood, sir. I'll get to it right away."

"Also, prepare a governmental registration form and oversee the creation of a bank account in the National Kandrian Bank in the name of the Water Sect."

"Will do, sir."

His former factional administrative dove right into the planning of the technical aspects of the sect while he sat back and thought about his vision of the sect.

It was fine to the most spectacular sect pavilion, headquarters, banner, and name and whatnot. However, without incentives to attract Martial Artists to join his sect, he would never be able to grow his sect to the size that was needed to ensure that it would be of use when he truly needed it. "What can I offer to Martial Artists that will get them to choose my sect over others?"

He had thought long and hard about these questions and had come up with several solutions that could potentially be enough to handle the problem and ensure that it did not impede his goal with the sect.

"Breakthroughs."

It was the first thing to come to mind.

This was especially viable now that his ability had already been leaked as a result of his saving Kane. Since people already knew about it, there was no issue with publicizing it and using it to fuel the demand to enter his sect.

"I suppose I'll have to stop doing free breakthroughs," Rui muttered. "Tsk, if not for the war that might destroy the Kandrian Empire, I would have never done them for free in the first place."

Who in the world would offer breakthroughs free of cost as Rui had been doing so? Even his father knew that the only reason he could even make that request was that three Sage-level powerhouses were doing everything in their power to harm the Kandrian Empire.

"Now, however, I can reduce the number of free breakthroughs and reserve them for those who enter my sect. I can still continue doing the same number of breakthroughs while I am here so that the Kandrian Empire benefits the same overall, except within the Kandrian Empire, the benefits go to the Water Sect. This is ideal."

This way, he could benefit from his own labor.

"Breakthroughs are great, but they're not enough for my goals."

He didn't want Martial Artists to enter his sect with the sole goal of breakthroughs. He wanted them to also join the sect for pursuing Adaptive Evolution. This meant that his sect needed to be able to facilitate and aid their growth in the field of Adaptive Evolution. Otherwise, there was no point in even having a sect. His goal wasn't just to have a big organization; he wanted as many people as possible to make advancements and developments.

"I need to provide resources necessary to help them make progress with adaptive evolution."

Such as specialized training resources that would aid with progress in the field and the techniques to learn.

"…Looks like I might have to contract with the Martial Union formally to borrow their existing proprietary technology and contract with some esoteric tech developers to add a little something extra on top of that."

He knew that his father had Charles DiViliers working for him on retainer for essentially free of cost in exchange for a royal pardon. He would need to commission him in order to get the high-quality training and growth resources that he sought.

All sects reserved techniques and resources for their respective fields that not even the Martial Union had, all for the sake of drawing in those Martial Artists who only cared about their Martial power.

He would need to do the same with the Water Sect.

These were extraordinarily difficult for most people to achieve in the short run, and the Martial Union seldom gave out its proprietary technology for any amount of money. On top of that, the top esoteric technology developers didn't just sign large agreements with just about anybody.

Thankfully, it was at moments like these that his status came to be of use.

Just his status as a powerful and the most prodigious Master was enough to earn the attention of the tycoons of the esoteric development industry. His other identities made it so that they could not ignore his approaches without consequences.

"Once I get their services and help, it should be enough to foster growth in the Water Sect when it comes to Adaptive Evolution."

This was enough of an initiative for the start of the sect as long as he fleshed it out and ensured that it was in the best interests of his goal of creating the sect in the first place. Once the sect's growth plateaued, he could work on adding more incentives.

"Breakthroughs, resources, and techniques…" He murmured to himself. "The former requires no preparation on my part, and the second requires long-term partnership agreements with esoteric developers, but it is still straightforward. The techniques, however…"

He scratched his head. "That won't be so simple."

What technique was he to offer to attract Martial Artists to his sect?

"I suppose I'll have to offer diluted and less mentally intensive forms of the various systems in my Martial Art. Still, that will take time…"

Adapting and converting his Martial Art into Adaptive Evolution techniques that could be used by others was a time-consuming affair, which was normally a no-go, thanks to the war. "I have the manifold, though," Rui smirked. "Time to grind in there and get these done."

-



Chapter 2296: An Old Acquaintance

﻿

"It has truly been a long time, Your Highness," Charles Diviliers smiled as he shook hands with Rui. "The last time we met, you were just an Apprentice of some note. Now however..."

His pleasant smile deepened, "you have become one of the most important and significant figures of the entire nation. Never in my wildest dreams did I expect you to rise to the levels that you have."

Rui narrowed his eyes as he peered into the man's eyes and into his mind.

He could only sense sincerity.

"I see you haven't changed one bit despite your fall from grace, Chairman Diviliers," his tone was frosty.

He recalled how he used to partake in the Martial Games hosted by the man a long time ago; he had run into the now-deceased Prince Rajak back then, which tipped him to the fact that the man was associated with the Underworld.

"Ah, call me Charles," the man offered a humble smile. "I have, as you pertinently pointed out, from grace. I am no longer a powerhouse in the development industry, merely an appointee to my own company after it was absorbed by the government. Someone of your status need not pay me any regard."

The Royal Acquisition Act passed by his father allowed him to absorb companies found to be exceeding a certain threshold of crime with the intent of salvaging the parts of the company that were of too much value to the nation to be dissolved.

The once mighty Diviliers Industries that dominated the Martial tech development landscape as an oligarch had been cut down to size and absorbed into the Ministry of Commerce and Industry as a governmental program.

"Well then, Charles, you seem to be doing well, almost too well, in fact," Rui remarked as he sized the man.

His glorious long hair and beard were still immaculately groomed as he wore custom- tailored business suits that fit him like a glove, his left eye adorned a silver-gold monocle over it while he carried a cane with him by his side.

His words had been humble, yet his presence had not diminished by any means.

"I have been doing well," he readily admitted. "We live in an exciting age in changing times. I look forward to witnessing and contributing to the growth of the Kandrian Empire as the first nation to overcome The Great Limit."

He smiled at Rui. "I have a feeling that I can do so even more if I heed you. That was why I hastily accepted your appointment when I had the chance. I'm deeply curious about what the vaunted Dawnbringer wishes to do with a mere governmental servant like me."

Rui disliked people like him. Just listening to him speak irked him as the manner of his conduct was laden with deception.n/ô/vel/b//jn dot c//om

Unfortunately, he was the best developer for Martial resources in the Kandrian Empire by far.

"I'm starting a sect around Adaptive Evolution."

Charles' eyes widened with surprise as his smile deepened. "You have my undivided attention and interest."

"My Martial Path is not the simplest to train. It isn't as simple as that of the Fire Sect or the Earth Sect," he began. "Thus, the resources needed to train them are also not so straightforward. I need the aid of an accomplished developer to create the training resources needed to train Adaptive Evolution efficiently."

The man fell into thought as his eyes flashed with interest and curiosity. "Indeed, Adaptive Evolution is not that simple as a concept, proficiency in it will be much more difficult to measure compared to other Martial Paths."

"On top of that, it is not mutually exclusive with other fields. In fact, it may very well be that to adapt to everything, one must master everything. Thus, you will need to create training resources for different parameters that I will go into at a later date."

"In other words, you need resources that can test and train Adaptive Evolution as an emergent field born from multiple other fields."

Rui nodded. "This is why I cannot go to the average Martial resource development company and make a demand like this. They simply lack the competence to get what I need to be done."

Charles nodded, still immersed in thought. "You were right to come to me. I can assure you that of the few people who are even qualified to undertake such projects, none of them are competitive with me. Share with me some of the details of what your vision is for Adaptive Evolution. Training resources are objective-oriented, which means that your vision for Adaptive Evolution is highly important."

Rui paused for a moment as he fell into thought.

His vision for Adaptive Evolution might sound like a simple question; however, in reality, it was extremely complicated.

"I...envision Adaptive Evolution as the application of one's self to maximize the probability of victory," Rui began. "In practice, that involves employing mind and body in a fashion that is most effective against any given opponent. It also ends with possessing the means to take them down while also being able to avoid or defend against their means of offense. It requires making the most optimal choices at any given moment. It tends to entail having balanced bodies. Thus, if I were to train Adaptive Evolution, it would be by subjecting myself to a variety of external forces and evaluating how I Adaptively Evolve and then mitigating any shortcoming with training."

"Hm, that was a clear and well-defined explanation of your Martial Path," he noted. "I'm accustomed to receiving many vague and unclear explanations from Martial Artists. It makes my job a lot easier. It means that the training resources need to be dynamic and able to subject the user to different kinds of forces and pressures that would force them to Adaptively Evolve in response, and their success rate can serve as some form of objective evaluation of their capacity to evolve adaptively. Repeated use will serve as training as they grow accustomed to growing adaptively evolving Martial fluently."

Rui nodded. "That is a good point to note."



Chapter 2297: Foreign Forces

﻿

Rui had no intention of finalizing or fleshing everything out in the very first meeting with Charles Diviliers. With the first meeting, he simply wanted to confirm the prospects of a partnership and ensure that Charles understood what the Water Sect needed.

The two of them spent nearly two hours talking about the project as they simply sketched out the most basic details so that both parties had a shared understanding of the services and goods being transacted.

"Well, technically, you're forming a deal with the government." He smiled. "I do not own Diviliers Industries anymore; the Ministry of Commerce and Industry does. I'm just a government employee who runs it."n/ô/vel/b//in dot c//om

Rui snorted. "Yes, but I know you have full discretion over Diviliers Industries as long as you adhere to the broad orders from my father."

He smiled. "I most certainly do. However, my budget has already been allocated to dealing with the shortage of Martial esoteric resources caused by the influx of new Martial Artists. I can make formal requests for additional budgetary allocations, but that is all. However, with the current budget, the room for the development of the Martial resources you seek does not exist."

"...Then I'll take over the costs," Rui replied. "You handle the development, but, in return, the Water Sect gets the patent for all the proprietary Adaptive Evolution training resources."

Charles chuckled at his words. "I suppose I can arrange for that. Of course, I'll need approval from the Minister of Commerce and Industry, but considering that it is you. I'm sure she'll approve it in a heartbeat."

Rui was just unstoppable within the Kandrian Empire. Only his father or the Sage Council could put him in check, and neither did he have any need or desire to do so. If anything, the success of the Water Sect was a favorable outcome if it meant the production of powerful Martial Artists.

Ideally, they were hoping that his ability to break Martial Artists through could be born in other Martial Artists so that they didn't have to rely solely on Rui for the breakthroughs. A single major point failure was quite risky.

Especially when the point of failure was to subject himself to dangers and risks.

Regardless, Rui wasn't worried about any resistance.

Normally, when Martial Artists tried to create a sect, they would receive resistance and suppression from existing sects.

After all, the more sects there were, the more competition there was, and the greater the difficulty of progressing in their own field.

Oftentimes, new sects needed to start in extremely humble villages in the Kandrian Empire before upgrading to provinces and districts, before finally heading to the minor and major towns. Otherwise, they would get bullied economically, socially, and sometimes even financially.

However, Rui was certain that no one would dare dream of trying that with him.

He was simply too powerful.

He had no time to waste with any nonsense like that; he didn't mind crushing any sect that dared to pick a fight with him.

Actually, if they had given him the opportunity to fight Masters seriously, he wouldn't have minded them picking a fight with him.

It simply meant more experience with him.

"However, even if you streamline the process and accelerate it. It will take at least a year for the design process." Charles mentioned, drawing his attention back.

Rui shrugged. "That's a non-issue with the manifold."

"The manifold is highly in demand, I'm afraid. It's primarily reserved for Martial Artists, making it almost impossible for non-Martial Artists to reserve a slot."

Rui shrugged. "I own a third of the manifold. I'll arrange for space for your design team." Charles stared at him with an admiring smile. "You have risen so far so fast. Had I known that this was your destiny, I would have put much more effort into having you on retainer."

When Rui was merely an apprentice, he had been scouted by Charles Diviliers. The man had offered Rui generous terms in exchange for simply being on retainer with him.

Rui had refused, of course.

"I shouldn't have let you," he pondered aloud. "History would be very different had I got my hands on you. The throne war, these magical resources, mass breakthroughs. Instead, I got that loser of a prince, Rajak."

He spat the name out.

It appeared he held a grudge against the late Underworld Prince.

"It wouldn't have happened."

He turned to Rui with a strange expression. "Not as you are now, no. But no Apprentice can resist everything that I have to offer."

Rui shook his head. "I would have."

The man stared at Rui, heaving a sigh. "Perhaps that is why you have managed to grow at the shocking speeds that you have."

Rui shrugged, getting up. "Anyway, that brings us to an end with everything that I discussed. I have to speak with the Minister and whip up a contract with her for some things that we discussed that are outside your authority. After that, we will flesh out and finalize our plans."

Charles simply smiled. "That sounds good to me."

Rui nodded, heading to leave.

"Ah, one thing." Charles drew his attention.

Rui paused, turning around.

"You may have no impediments within the Kandrian Empire, but you will experience greater impediments from foreign powers than any other sect ever has. After all, your Martial Path has produced the ability to trigger breakthroughs; it has become even more valued than the Martial Paths of the Silas Clan. You're smart enough to understand what that means, are you

not?"

Rui narrowed his eyes at his words, nodding lightly, before taking off.

Charles Villiers found himself chuckling with amusement.

He had a feeling that he was going to enjoy what was to come very much. Furthermore, he could even participate in it with the authorization and protection of the government. It was even more convenient than when he was an individual player in the political sphere.

"Being a government official has its perks; perhaps I should have done this from the start."



Chapter 2298: Spying Interests

﻿

"...And there we go," Rui muttered as he signed off on the final page of a large set of registration forms. "Finally, I guess that makes it official?"

The Minister of Corporate Affairs smiled at him, nodding as he pulled out a certificate and placed it in front of Rui. "Congratulations, you have now created your own sect. I think I speak on behalf of the entire Kandrian Empire that this is an event to be celebrated."

Rui's eyes fell on the official government-issued license placed before him.

[Water Sect]

It was the document that was necessary to begin all other ventures formally. Only now could he set into motion all the plans that he had had in mind. With this, the Water Sect actually existed, even if only on paper.

"I look forward to creating a sect that is celebrated by the entire nation," Rui replied. "I suppose with this, my sect can no longer be hidden from the rest of the world."

A complicated expression appeared on the minister's face. "...I'm afraid that is the case. We have tried our best to increase our information security. But it is impossible to hide everything at all levels, I'm afraid, especially for something as mundane as a newly non- profit Martial organization."

Rui nodded. "I understand. I'm prepared for the consequences."

He knew that there was no way that his Martial Sect would go unignored. The political sphere

of East Panama was already of the outlook that his Martial Art was connected to the

breakthroughs.

Thus, any sect that promoted his Martial Path was undoubtedly bound to be of extreme interest to them.

Even if they were cognizant enough to know that the sect would not be selling the secrets of the breakthroughs, they would still be deeply interested in infiltrating the sect to get their hands on anything that might lead them to the secret of the breakthrough.

And their hopes were not necessarily misplaced.

Rui had no idea what kind of advancements that his newly-created Water Sect would end up giving birth to. It was entirely possible that the sect would foster a hypnotic-oriented Path of Adaptive Evolution that could recreate Rui's ability to trigger breakthroughs through the same or even a different principle of breakthroughs.

If that were the case, then he would lose his oligopoly in the newly created industry of triggered breakthroughs.

Of course, he didn't give a damn about that.

He was not a Martial businessman or anything of the sort.

On top of that, it would take some pressure off of him.

"Regardless, it doesn't change what I do; anybody is welcome to join my sect as long as they are willing to dedicate themselves to Adaptive Evolution."

It was not pragmatic to prevent a single spy from entering the sect, so he needed to ensure that the consequences of this happening were insignificant. In other words, he needed to do his best when he did want to leave the sect.

"Regardless, thank you for your cooperation, Minister Claussen. I don't think this would have been able to progress as fast as it has without your help," Rui stood up, smiling as he shook hands with the man.

"Not at all. I am honored to be of service. You are one of the protectors of Kandria. As a civil servant, I do not dare do anything less than my best to aid you in your ventures," the man graciously insisted.

Even before Rui could fully leave the ministry, word of his sect had already begun spreading through the Kandrian Empire. All it took was one person to catch a glimpse of Rui speaking with the minister after the latter personally took the time to prepare and streamline the process of creating a non-profit Martial organization.

It didn't take a genius to figure out what was happening.

By the end of the day, news had spread to several circles in the Martial Community and the political sphere in the Kandrian Empire.

"The Void Prince has created a sect."

A piece of intel that drew undivided attention from all sectors of the nation. Ordinarily, A Master creating a sect was hardly newsworthy for the upper echelons of the nation. Many obscure sects centered around some obscure field existed. Most of them were not noteworthy at the highest levels of the nation.

Their impact was insignificant.

Yet, the same was most certainly not true for the Void Prince.

This was despite the fact that his Martial Art had been among the most obscure before the voidlet techniques were introduced many years ago.

Not a single person dared to underestimate the significance of this new sect.

Even before the fact that he was responsible for the breakthroughs was disseminated through the Martial and political worlds, a sect dedicated to his Martial Path would have drawn a lot of

interest.

Now that they knew that fact, however, it had evolved from what would have been a deep interest to almost obsession.

There wasn't a single person among them who wasn't interested in gaining their hands on the secrets of the breakthrough!

Instantly, many factions, interest groups, and power blocs began looking into the prospects of recruiting Apprentices with the intention of training them to be spies so that they could enter the Water Sect and try to crack the secret of the breakthroughs.

Of course, to ensure that the spy successfully got into the sect, they would need to find one with a Martial Art that was strongly linked to Adaptive Evolution so that the spy could be more involved with the sect than others.

Thankfully, there had been a flood of new Apprentices thanks to the Void Prince himself, giving them plenty of young and vulnerable potential spies to choose from.

It didn't matter if they got caught; there was no real way to tie it back to the people who put the spies to work, thanks to the covert and discreet methods that they were accustomed to

using.Nôv(el)B\\jnn

Regardless, none of them intended to give it a shot, even if the chances of gathering any clues to breakthrough methods were slim.



Chapter 2299: Potential Utility

﻿

Once the news of the creation of the Water Sect spread through, the upper echelons of society began maintaining a hawk's eye on any activity that involved the newly created sect.

And they found plenty of it.

A huge chunk of land purchased in the name of the Water Sect.

A bank account opened in the name of the Water Sect.

These were activities that could not be missed even if one wanted to.

"Looks like he's finally getting around to making his sect." Rael skimmed through a few reports that detailed his son's activities.

Admittedly, he was surprised that his son decided to go through with it at this point in time.

They were in the middle of a war with the East Panamic Alliance.

"Then, again, I suppose there is no real reason he can't do it, as long as he can tolerate the pressure that he will experience."

The war for allies was going to be a slow, grueling competition that would take its time. Alliances were seldom forged in mere months.

The East Panamic Treaty Alliance was an extreme exception and even it had been in the making for quite some time.

The Kandrian Empire and the other three Sage-level powerhouses were going to spend their days making offers to hesitant potential allies, especially Sage-level nations and large Master-level nations. The highest bidder and the one who could inspire the greatest confidence in their victory was going to be the winner of any battle over any given ally.

Considering that, Rui's decision to endeavor in something as complicated as creating one's own sect in the middle of war was not particularly bad.

"If anything, it could be used to inspire greater hope in the Kandrian Empire's future."n/o/vel/b//in dot c//om

A sect was a like-minded group of Martial Artists with similar Martial Art. Thus, Rui's sect painted high hopes that other Martial Artists could have capabilities similar to his own.

Rael was particularly eager to utilize the creation of the Water Sect to speed up his progress, although he didn't mind if the war took longer.

After all, all the Kandrian Empire needed to reach a higher realm of power was time.

The more time the Kandrian Empire had, the better things worked out for him anyway. The number of Martial Masters would increase, allowing them to gain an advantage in the long

run.

Furthermore, with much of the Sekigahara Confederate's Masters dead, it was possible for the Kandrian Empire to outpace the rate at which it got new Martial Sages, especially with the manifold at its disposal.

In other words, he simply needed to wait.

He put aside the reports detailing his son's sect.

Interesting as it was, he had more important things to take care of. His attention returned to a report filed by the Sage Lauren of the Royal Army.

[No traces of any crystal ore of any sort at the location of the Mellow within a thousand- kilometer radius.]

He was a man of few words.

Emperor Rael heaved a sigh. "That's a shame. I was hoping that we would be able to find the rest of the Transcendent esoteric substance. But, I suppose that was hoping for too much." Ever since he learned of the ability of the alien specimen to produce a manifold, he had been curious about the underlying esoteric substance responsible for such a phenomenon. Both Rui and the Divine Doctor had informed him that the crystal shard was most likely a fragment of a much larger crystal that was possibly buried extraordinarily deep somewhere in the Beast Domain.

One of Rael's hopes had been that it would be in the same place that the shard in their possession was found.

In the Mellow.

However, even thorough searches by Martial Sages seemed to be yielding nothing.

Not even the Elder Tree was able to detect the existence of such a large crystal boulder anywhere.

"Ah well, I was getting too greedy."

He knew that that was the case, but he couldn't help it. If they were able to find and utilize such a priceless resource, it was game over then and there. It wouldn't matter what the East Panamic Alliance did; they would never stand a chance.

But alas, he had to play with the cards he was dealt, which were still extremely good, of course, but still challenging.

He gazed at a map of East Panama that highlighted the locations of the four Sage-level powerhouses as well as those of the Sage-level nations and powerful Master-level nations. On top of that, his eyes fell onto the Kingdom of Meitia, which was some distance west of the Kandrian Empire on a map.

It was the ally of the East Panamic Treaty Alliance that was closest to the Kandrian Empire. As such, the alliance currently intended for it to serve as a military and Martial base from which they could mount the eventual second assault on the Kandrian Empire after the war for allies

was over.

It was far too tedious for the Martial Artists of the three powerhouses to mount a charge from their nations to the Kandrian Empire and hope that they converged at exactly the same time. While the Sekigahara Confederate was crude and crazy enough to do so, Prime Minister Edward was far too refined in his military strategy to resort to such a travesty. Thus, the East Panamic Treaty Alliance sought to have its own military base as close as possible to the Kandrian Empire.

Naturally, Emperor Rael had no intention of tolerating that.

And thus, it served as one of the many zones of Martial conflict between the Kandrian Empire and its enemy alliance. A war that had begun as a direct frontal assault upon the Kandrian Empire was now spreading across the entirety of East Panama as Emperor Rael protected his allies from the promised attacks of their enemies while impeding his enemies from forming bases near the Kandrian Empire or from winning the war.

The war for allies was still in its earliest stages, having remained in a steady deadlock, having yet to reach the zenith of its intensity.



