Chapter 1981  Plan



It was probably unwise for Rui to stray too much further into the dungeon as the danger levels constantly rose. Even in the Beast Domain, the two of them never went so far as to completely drain their Martial Hearts. Who knew what could attack them in their incapacitated states?

Luckily, Rui still had a decent amount of stamina left. Thus, he could afford to stray a bit deeper to take a good look at what was going on. Thankfully, given how small the manifold was, it wasn't too far in.

"ROOOOOAAAARRRRR!" Rui's eyes widened as he saw a slew of emerald dragons launching an assault on a region, lighting it up with their fire breaths. Yet, it was the residents of the region that surprised him.

Angels.

An overwhelming majority of them were weaker than the one he faced, with only three pairs of wings or less. They struggled under the wrath of powerful apex monsters led by a tyrannically large dragon the size of a hill.

"ROOOOOAAAAAARRRRRRRRRRRRRR!!!"

The mighty dragon scorched the angels alive, setting them on fire. Not even their powerful heaven-bending could entirely abate the infernos and conflagrations that it released into the world.

While the angels were able to match the weaker dragons under it, it was the sole dragon that allowed what would have been a stalemate to fall in their favor. The angels did not have a leader with the power to match a creature, exceeding the Senior Realm.

"No…" Rui's impassive eyes widened as realization dawned on him. "They had a leader capable of that, but now it's dead."

It had challenged Rui and had not lived to tell the tale. However, the timing of the attack was too suspicious. The moment Rui killed the angel, the dragons coincidentally launched an attack on the angel colony?

"…It was because I killed the angel leader." His tone was sharp. "But why are they fighting?"

As far as he could tell, there was nothing in the region that was of particularly high value. There was no real reason that the Mellow Dungeon ought to allow the species to fight unless there was something to be gained.

Soon enough, the answer became clear. Upstodatee from n(0)/v𝒆/lbIn/.(co/m

CHOMP CHOMP CHOMP CHOMP

The mighty dragon feasted upon the angels as pleasure flashed through its eyes. Meanwhile, the same creature ignored the countless larger creatures in the dungeon that were not only larger but weaker.

It flew away, satisfied with feasting on a few dozen angels.

"…I see." Rui closed his eyes as he headed back to the coast of the Mellow dungeon.

He had understood everything that he needed. This was part of the Darwinian filtering process. Powerful beasts required powerful prey to sustain their power. Normally, apex predators did not find themselves at odds with each other. After all, there was an extremely extensive ecosystem and food chain below them at their disposal that could supply them with the nutrients they needed without requiring them to fight other apex species.

"But the Mellow Dungeon is a place where they are deprived of satisfactory prey," Rui noted calmly, adding to his understanding of the dungeon. After all, the place was only a hundred kilometers in diameter. On top of that, the power gradient was quite steep, such that most of the creatures of the Mellow Dungeon were too weak for the apex predators to even bother preying on. In other words, the most nutritious sources of food were their own peers.

This caused predators to prey on each other, leaving only the strongest of the strongest alive. Then, the Mellow Dungeon would probably swoop in and cause a mass mating season, leading to a lot of offspring, which, when mature, would go through the same process, leaving only the strongest alive.

Over a span of one hundred and forty-four millennia, Rui could understand how the creatures of the Mellow had gotten so powerful.

"Rui!" Kane waved at him in the distance on the shore. STEP

"Kane." Rui impassively acknowledged him.

"Man am I glad you beat that angel." He grinned. "I've never seen one before."

"There's not a single known nest of angels in the Human Domain, at least," Rui informed him. "I didn't think we would run into one here. More importantly, I've learned more about how the dungeon functions. Its shortcomings and limitations. I think I have an idea of how we're going to break out of this place."

Kane's eyes lit up with optimism. "Really?!"

Rui nodded. "It's rather simple; we draw the Master-level creature away from the core of the dungeon using a distraction or a red herring and then uproot the core source of the Mellow Manifold while it is away."

Kane frowned. "I was expecting an extraordinarily complex plan with a hundred different stages and your plan is the most basic strategy ever?"

"Complexity is neither a virtue nor an objective," Rui replied impassively. "Only a fool who thinks he is a genius would choose complexity over simplicity if all else were equal."

"…OK, but why exactly did you come up with this plan specifically?"

"The dungeon…cannot move," Rui replied. "Be it roots or branches. It painstakingly hypnotizes creatures to get them to do its bidding. It's an incredibly cumbersome means of going about it that really cannot be justified by anything other than an inability to move."

"…Ok? That doesn't answer my question."

Rui closed his eyes. "You remember what dungeons when they sense a threat they deem dangerous?"

"They attack it with their branches and roots, right?"

"And how would the Mellow Dungeon do that if it cannot move?"

"…Oh," Kane's lit up with understanding. "The Master-level beast…"

"Correct." Rui nodded. "This dungeon is immobile. Thus, it is highly likely it would deploy the Master-level beast in its stead. Especially if it senses a particularly powerful threat. Just like it uses its slave creatures to do everything else that mobile roots or branches would do."

"Wait a minute…"Kane froze as his mind caught onto something. "…How do you plan to trick the Mellow Dungeon into thinking that there is a Master-level threat on the other side of the manifold?"

-



Chapter 1982  Bait



A fleeting smile cracked at the edge of Rui's mouth as expression softened. "You know me well, Kane."

"Answer the question," Kane sternly demanded, narrowing his eyes.

"…How do I plan to trick a dungeon that there is a threat?" Rui's voice grew macabre. "How I've always done."

He calmly met Kane's powerful gaze. "…By making myself bait with a Master-level Mind Mask."

"I knew it." Kane huffed bitterly. "There are easier ways to commit suicide if that's your intention."

"It isn't."

"Yeah, well, that's even worse because then you'll die without wanting to," Kane scoffed. "A Martial Senior cannot defeat a Master-level beast."

"I don't need to defeat it," Rui replied softly. "I just need to survive long enough."

"Long enough for what?"

"For you and the Divine Doctor to break us out of the dungeon while the core is unguarded, of course."

"There's no way you're lasting that long." Kane stared at him in disbelief.

"Not in a random encounter, no, but…" Rui's eyes grew more steely. "…when I'm prepared for my opponent, you know how strong I can be."

Kane's expression grew complicated.

He had to admit that the things that Rui had pulled off over the years were truly incredible. He recalled how Rui fought the Root, a quasi-Senior-level opponent, as a high-mid grade Senior with just preparation alone. When Rui had the opportunity to study his opponent and adaptively evolve ahead of time, he could accomplish things thought to be impossible.

"…What if you're wrong?" Upstodatee from n(0)/v𝒆/lbIn/.(co/m

Rui shrugged nonchalantly. "Then I die."

Kane stared at him, speechless. "The risk is hardly anything new," Rui impassively stated. "We've been in the Beast Domain for more than three years now."

"…I mean, I guess." Kane heaved a severe sigh as he thought about the plan. "You're putting a lot of faith in the two of us."

"Faith?" Rui stared at Kane in a detached manner. "I don't do faith. I have strong reason to believe that the two of you are collectively capable of this feat. The Divine Doctor may be a madman, but he is a brilliant genius who cured death by freeing the soul from the body that has been around for the better half of a century. I have no doubt that he will know exactly how to incapacitate the source of the dungeon. The reason he hasn't done it thus far is because he is lacking in power. That's where you come in."

Kane grew serious. "What is my role?" "Your role is to escort the Divine Doctor to the core of the Mellow Dungeon while I distract and ensure the Master-level beast remains as far as away from the center as possible," Rui replied. "And aid him with the operation of incapacitating the source of the Mellow Manifold. It is quite likely that while he will know how to incapacitate it, he won't have the physical power needed to do so. In that case, make sure to follow his instructions carefully."

"Gotcha." Kane nodded solemnly.

"Your current level of power won't be enough," Rui informed him. "Over two years, you will have to become stronger. Much stronger than you are now. You will need to become a high-grade Martial Senior."

At the current stage, Rui estimated that Kane was a high-mid-grade Martial Senior, probably not too far from becoming a high-grade Martial Senior. Rui had reached the threshold seven years ago, but Kane's progress was astonishing compared to anybody other than Rui and Ieyasu.

Not only was he a genius, but he also possessed a powerful drive and an extremely good influence on him in the form of Rui. Rui was confident that with a few more years, he would cross the threshold to enter the high grades.

"I'll do my best," Kane nodded. "What about you? What preparations are you going to make over the span of two years?"

"…I will probably elevate the Yggdrasil System and reduce the gap between it and the Tree of Life," Rui softly replied.

Kane frowned. "Aren't you going to focus on creating more systems of thought? That is the path to the Master Realm."

Rui shook his head. "I have completed all my efforts in that regard. The greatest thing I can do in the direction of adaptive evolution at the moment is to increase the versatility of my domains to suit well against the beasts and monsters. Obviously, I won't be able to create a technique for all possible antithetical environments that the Tree of Life shows me."

What he intended to do was create domains to construct the most frequent and common kinds of antithetical environments that the Tree of Life enlightenment yielded. "I'll especially do that for the most powerful species of this dungeon," Rui remarked as eagerness lit up in his eyes. "I'll have finally taken the final steps needed to eradicate my weakness to the beasts of the Beast Domain."

He had initially thought he could improve his domains in peace in the Kandrian Empire after returning home with the Divine Doctor and finally putting the mess of the succession behind him. However, it was clear to him now that it was something that he would need additional to stall the Master-level beast long enough for Kane and the Divine Doctor to incapacitate the source of the Mellow Manifold.

Rather than pursuing more distant possibilities, he decided to go for the lowest-hanging fruit that had very recently ripened. In hindsight, it was actually the most ideal timing. He didn't think that there was a better moment to embark on domains than in circumstances that actually required them.

"Necessity is the strongest driving force of adaptive evolution." Rui's tone grew more energetic. "Any result born purely out of idle endeavor within the safety of a nation like the Kandrian Empire will be subpar compared to what I can achieve in these perilous circumstances."

His eyes sparked with life and energy at the thought of finally fulfilling the ambition of making the Yggdrasil System a force against all life. -



Chapter 1983 Incomprehensible

Kane smiled at the sight of Rui's eyes energetically swimming around immersed in deep thought. The spark of excitement twinkled within them. His feet began tapping, and his hands began fidgeting impatiently.

The moment Martial Art became the topic, he was reduced to an enthusiastic child who couldn't wait to play in the park. The moment Martial Art arrived, his heart and temperament would thaw, and for a moment, the Rui of old would come out.

The same Rui that he had known his entire life.

"As always, Martial Art always brings you endless happiness, huh?" Kane chuckled mirthfully.

"It's the best," Rui replied, growing more vigorous. "Sometimes, I'm truly astonished that not everybody falls in love with Martial Art. How is that possible? How can you look at Martial Art and not come to love it with all your heart? Strange world, truly."

Kane stared at him, speechless.

It was an absurd statement.

Martial Art was the cause of immense suffering in the world regardless of what one personally felt about it. It had caused a lot of fear, anguish, pain, and death, much of it unjust. This was so much so that an international movement dubbed 'Non-Martial Lives Matter' was born after a Martial Sage genocided one billion human beings in the blink of an eye.

Of course, Rui was very well aware of this himself. Yet, it never emotionally registered within him. His love for Martial Art was so deep that it refused to allow him to truly understand, on an emotional level, how people could wind up hating it.

Kane shook his head. "Whatever. Let's go tell the Divine Doctor now that we have figured out a plan."

"No, not yet," Rui refused impassively. "That man will be a difficult nut to crack even with a seemingly reasonable plan. I know his type. He will not be satisfied with a plan as loose as I have proposed. I will have to flesh out all the details and have powerful reasons to convince him to invest in it."

Kane heaved a sigh. "So I was right ultimately. It will be a complex plan."

"Maybe." Rui shrugged nonchalantly. "It will be detailed but ultimately simple in concept. The most important part is having rock-solid foundations to convince him of the probability of success. I don't think there's any point in approaching him before I've mastered my understanding of this dungeon and all its creatures."

"…Is it going to be that hard?"

Rui narrowed his eyes. "This is a man who has little fear of death. The only question is why he hasn't killed himself and unshackled his soul so that his soul can travel to a prepared body of his or whatever the specific mechanism of the soul transference is. But despite not having done so, I didn't sense any fear. He's going to have a high bar for cooperation. I certainly would if I were in his circumstances."

Kane smiled wryly. "Right."

"On top of that, this plan is based on the assumption that this man wants to leave. If he doesn't, then I'll have to make other concessions."

"Like letting him poke around your brain?"

Rui's expression darkened. "Absolutely not. But I'll have to figure it out when it comes to it."

Rui had some ideas as to what he could offer if the man did not care about gaining his freedom. Unfortunately, due to his lack of understanding of how the soul was transferred from one body to another, he was at an information disadvantage in this regard.

It could be that he needed to suffer a natural death in order to unshackle the soul from his body and let it transfer from the dead vessel to a prepared living vessel. Rui recalled his father's description of how the man had been killed before, only to spawn in a new body that would go about elsewhere.

Not even Martial Sages could keep this man dead. It was a feat that Rui found mind-boggling.

Yet, for some reason, in the Mellow Manifold, the man was unwilling to slit his throat or throw himself into the dungeon to let himself die.

What changed?

All indications pointed to the fact that the self-looping four- dimensional space-time manifold was the reason. There was nothing else meaningful that could distinguish why the Divine Doctor's current circumstances were different, such that he had yet to kill himself. He had spent two hundred and sixteen days in this place without making any progress yet refused to die.

Rui shook his head. "…Ah well, we'll find out eventually; rather than focusing on things that are outside of our control, it is best we deal with things within our control. The value proposition of our plan needs to be rock solid; otherwise, he'll laugh at us."

Kane nodded. "Gotcha."

"I'd suggest you focus on training from here on out," Rui told him. "You don't need any more experience than you have. A dedicated two years of training to expand your skillset and strengthen your foundation will do you much better than more experience."

"What about you?"

"Well, I'll finish what I started," Rui remarked impassively. "Gather all the intelligence on all these creatures until I know this place inside out and backward front. I need to be so good that the Divine Doctor better request me to teach him. Once that's done, I'll begin my domain training and come up with new domains to create environments that are antithetical to the biggest threats in this dungeon. After that…"

Rui turned to Kane. "It'll be showtime."

"And you're going to wait until all our preparations are done before you actually even tell the Divine Doctor what our plan is?"

"Yes," Rui replied. "We will have gained a lot of clarity that he simply will be unable to refuse if he has any desire to not rot in this dungeon for the rest of the life of this particular vessel."

"…Alright, I suppose it's the only way," Kane remarked, heaving a sigh. "Life is going to get rough." Thê sourc𝗲 of this conte/nt n/o/v/(𝒆l)bi((n))

-



Chapter 1984  Completed



BOOOOOM BOOOOOM BOOOOOM!!!

Rui evaded a series of infernos one after another as he zipped through a region in the Mellow Manifold.

"ROOOOOOAAAAAARRRRRRRR!!!" The enormous emerald dragon let out a guttural bellow as its eyes remained fixed on Rui.

It hadn't even been that long since the battle had begun, yet the dragon panted lightly as Rui ran circles around it with a pointed gaze in the direction of the creature. Beasts and monsters did not require the same sophistication to adaptively evolve against as Martial Artists did.

This was a good example.

BOOOOOM BOOOOOM BOOOOOM!!!

While the emerald dragon launched blast after blast, exerting an enormous amount of energy. Rui speedily stayed away from its output, ensuring that it never so much as touched him.

It was a very simple strategy that capitalized on stamina by tiring out the dragon. It was hardly even new or creative. Rui actually borrowed it from ancient human hunters back when the human species relied on foraging.

The biggest advantage that humans had over more powerful species was long-term stamina. Tiring mighty beasts was the only way they could fell them.

Rui was more than happy to take a page out of their book and apply the Martial version of the same strategy.

Additionally, it made gathering patterns and SOUL data that much easier.

While the beast foolishly wasted enormous energy in vain, Rui simply waited, collecting data as he avoided it before he proceeded to kill it.

And soon enough, the moment arrived.

"Rrrff…" its eyes grew hazy as it panted heavily. "Rrfff…"

Rui activated Greater Phantomind Void and Hypertrophic Surge, rushing in with maximal momentum.

SPLAT!

"ROOOOAAAAAARRRRRR!!!" A guttural roar of pain emerged from the creature as Rui dung its eye socket with a Metabody-amped Flowing Canon, entering its skull.

After that, it was just a matter of time before he reached the brain.

SPLAT!

The creature's eyes grew vacant as its body grew limp, tilting over.

RUMBLE

The entire dungeon shook as the hill-sized corpse fell backward.

"Gross…" Rui murmured impassively as he emerged from the corpse's eye socket. "Well, dragons: check." VịSit no(v)3lb/!n(.)c𝒐m for new 𝒏ov𝒆l𝒔

He mentally ticked off the dragon species in his head. He had fully collected all the data that he wanted on this species and didn't need to bother anymore.

He glanced at the corpse with cold eyes. At that moment, he couldn't help but feel superior.

"All that raw power, yet you were defeated by a creature one-millionth your size. This is why Martial Artists are the strongest."

An extraordinary degree of efficiency and effectiveness in the application of power mechanically and strategically led to vastly superior outcomes than a horrendously wasteful application of it.

"ROOOOAAAARRRR!"

Rui glanced at the many smaller dragons that broke into panicked roars over the death of the leader, shaking his head and leaving.

He didn't care about the riff-raff.

He had reached such a high stage of power in the past three years in the Beast Domain that even Martial Seniors felt like they were a Realm below him. With the exception of the Gatekeeper, none of them could make him feel any sense of danger.

STEP

"Good job." Kane flicked him a thumbs-up. "That was the final one, right?"

Rui nodded. "I'm done with all possible species candidates for the Master-level creature of the Mellow Dungeon."

"Nice!" Kane grinned.

In the past month, Rui had run around Mellow Dungeon, fighting all the most powerful creatures and species in the Beast Domain, from dragons, angels, basilisks, kirins, and many others.

With each fight, he learned everything he possibly could.

He also killed each and every single one of the creatures that exceeded the Senior Realm. The reason was simple. In order to reduce the probability that Kane would be unable to guide the Divine Doctor safely to the core of the dungeon while Rui kept the Master-level beast busy. While quasi-Senior-level creatures were not a problem for Rui, the same could not be said for Kane.

Even if he did successfully become a high-grade Martial Senior after two years of rigorous training, he would still be easy prey for creatures of that caliber.

Thus, Rui made sure to sweep them all up. Additionally, he needed to keep that up over the next two years that he and Kane trained for the escape of the Mellow Manifold.

"How's training going?" Rui casually asked while washing his dirty clothes in the waters of the Mellow Lake.

"Not bad," Kane remarked. "I've been focusing on three different areas: my physical foundations, Martial Art techniques, and my system of thought. It's the latter that's been giving me a lot of difficulty."

"Mmmm…" Rui nodded. "Those are good goals, but focusing on three different avenues of your combat power will mean spreading yourself thin. Over two years, that's only eight months for each of them."

Kane understood what Rui was saying but was firm in his decision. "I'm continuing progress from the Garden of Salvation. So technically, it's three years. I wasn't able to make much progress on my system of thought, so I'm hoping I'll be semi-done when I complete this first one. What I'm not sure about is the division of time between the three. I dunno if I should focus more on my system of thought or my Martial Body and techniques or my system of thought."

"That's entirely up to you. Only you can know whether it's the right choice or not," Rui informed him. "In the long run, a system of thought will bring you closer to the Master Realm, but it's high-hanging fruit for most Martial Artists. But Martial Body and techniques will probably be more useful for getting out of here and low-hanging fruit, but it will not bring you any closer to the Master Realm."

Kane's eyes grew hazy as he grew immersed in thought.

"Take your time," Rui replied impassively. "I did say two years, but that isn't an extremely strict deadline. I would rather delay our escape plan if any of us require more time to be prepared."



Chapter 1985  Quality over Quantity



While Kane fell into deep consideration about how he ought to allocate his time, Rui had far more clarity on what he wanted to spend his time training. There was only one answer under his current circumstances after having spent three years in the Beast Domain.

"Time to expand the Yggdrasil System." Rui found himself perched atop a mountain on the Mellow Manifold with closed eyes and crossed legs. The calm serenity that overtook him on the outside was in sharp contrast to the maelstrom of thoughts that flashed through his mind.

Domains and monsters.

A match made in heaven.

He had already discovered that one of the weaknesses that monsters had was heavy environmental requirements and, consequently, environmental weaknesses. Unless humans had no specific or particular environmental requirement or weakness of any kind, these beasts were strong specifically because they evolved for given environments.

That didn't mean they couldn't survive outside these environments, but it certainly meant that the opposite configuration of that environment was their version of hell. Now, this was not particularly a new revelation. Rui knew this before, yet never paid it mind because it never mattered. Not until he met the Elder Tree and inherited its vast knowledge of much of the biosphere. Not until he constructed the Tree of Life that extended to all life in the world beyond just the Elder Tree's knowledge base.

The Tree of Life showed him the path, and the Yggdrasil System could allow him to walk it. He just needed to expand his domains to allow him to create environments closest to what the Tree of Life showed him.

"…But there are limitations to how much I can expand the Yggdrasil System."

He heaved a sigh.

The Tree of Life showed him a unique environment for each creature and species. And considering the number of the latter was in the trillions, he could not possibly create the most antithetical environment for each species. Thankfully, he had already come up with a stopgap solution for this dilemma. All he needed to do, for now, was create a domain technique that created the most common type of antithetical environment in the Tree of Life. He could create domains that contained the common type of feature that he saw in antithetical environments.

"I can start with temperature-based domains."

An overwhelming majority of antithetical had an element of extreme temperatures.

This was not a random observation.

Temperature was extremely important and decisive in its impact on life. Rui knew that countless species had gone extinct back on Earth throughout its long history due to changes in temperature. There were even laws of biology centered around the relationship between life and temperature. One such law was Bergmann's Rule.

Bergmann's rule stated that the size of a given organism or species of a given region was inversely proportional to it temperature. Colder places tended to have larger organisms and species, while warmer places tended to have smaller organisms and species. Rêađ lat𝒆st ch𝒂/p/ters on n𝒐/v/𝒆/l(b)i𝒏(.)c/𝒐/m

Rui knew this in two different ways, one through his knowledge and research in his previous life. John Falken published some pretty radical research that suggested that taking into account environmental temperature was the best way for combat sports athletes to adjust their body weight to fight in different weight classes.

Additionally, the enlightenment from the Tree of Life also confirmed Bergmann's Rule as one of the countless patterns that he had extracted from the inheritance of the Elder Tree. That was why Rui was so certain that focusing on temperature-based domains was the best idea.

"If I'm to focus on extreme temperature-based domains then that leaves only two options."

Hot and cold.

Temperature was uni-dimensional, after all. Because it was a uni-variable parameter, Rui needed only to create two domains that focused on the extremities of temperature; hot and cold. "Ideally, they ought to be a little flexible so I can decide the temperature of the environment."

Yet, when he thought of heat, his mind inadvertently drifted to Sonic Singularity. This domain created an avalanche of sound that converged onto a single point from all directions with equal magnitude such that the vectors canceled each other out, and order melted into chaos, leading to plain old scalar disordered heat. It was acoustic heating.

"That's different." Rui shook his head. "That's more of an attack than an environment. I need an actual environment. Attacks can be avoided."

He recalled how the angel he fought effortlessly dispelled Sonic Singularity before it even reached it.

"Attacks can be avoided or dispelled, but an omnipresent environment? Not so much."

As long as he continued supplying the force needed to ensure it remained that way, it would always come back. Furthermore, if it was truly antithetical, even the effort to fight back would be drastically diminished.

He happily dedicated two technique slots to a domain centered around heat and cold.

He briefly considered adding more domains, but…

"…It's best I focus on quality instead of quantity. These are not actively offensive; thus, I will need passive mastery over them for them for them to truly shine."

He had yet to achieve passive mastery of any of his domain techniques. These were fine so long as they could carry the battle by themselves, but passive environmental domains did not inflict direct damage on their opponents. Thus, he could not tolerate being swamped by them when fighting.

Because of that, he decided to limit himself to only two domains in this training session. The lower the quantity, the higher the degree of mastery, the greater the chance that he could achieve passive mastery over it.

His mastery over domain bending, in general, had reached an extremely high stage. Thus, the possibility of achieving passive mastery was much higher as long as he trained it right from the get-go. Once he achieved that, he would be able to wave his domain while fighting normally without any issue in that regard. The only problem was the fact that he, too, would be subject to them.

-



Chapter 1986 Combined Training

After all, it would take an extra amount of effort to shield himself from his own environment, which would only make the difficulty of passively constructing these domains that much more difficult. It would have been ideal if his body was highly resistant to these conditions naturally.

Unfortunately, he hadn't engaged in too much body conditioning. After becoming a Squire, the only time he had was when he mastered Adamant Reforging, which was strong but a general boost to his durability and could not handle too much of a particular given environment. Rêađ lat𝒆st ch𝒂/p/ters on n𝒐/v/𝒆/l(b)i𝒏(.)c/𝒐/m

"Do I really have to spend an additional year or two conditioning myself to handle the heat and cold without letting it affect my combat ability?"

Rui found the idea unpleasant.

He did not want to extend his time in this place beyond the stipulated two years, if possible. He also didn't like the idea of conditioning himself. The reason for that was that conditioning was inherently inflexible, which was incompatible with the concept of adaptively evolving. It also didn't work spectacularly with his systems of thought.

Unlike Flux Earther, which grew vastly stronger after he formed his predictive and SOUL models, conditioning was static.

Unfortunately, he also recognized that he needed it. Active defenses like Flux Earther and Inner Divergence had multiple points of failure and an extremely high threshold of mental engagement to be effective. In other words, making the wrong decision could reduce active defenses to zero, leading to death.

Static and passive defenses were much more reliable. No matter what decision the user made, they would always be reliable and did not require a high amount of mental engagement to function as always.

Rui's rationality refused to allow him to ignore the massive benefits of static and passive defenses.

"Damn," he cursed under his breath. "Do I really have to subject myself to conditioning? I don't even have the specialized training environments of the Martial Union--!"

Rui froze as an epiphany thundered in his mind. "Training environments...What if I use the domains that I am training as training environments to condition my body?!"

The more he thought about it, the more it made sense. What better way to condition his body to withstand his domains effortlessly than to use those very domains to condition his body?

"On top of that, conditioning training applies the principle of progressive overload, in that the load needs to be progressively stronger," he muttered himself. "My domains will start off weak in training and progressively get stronger as I master them. They are absolutely ideal for progressive overload body conditioning!"

Rui's expression morphed into one of awe as he realized how extremely efficient and resourceful these training measures were.

"In fact, I can use other domain techniques for the same purpose as well." He realized, growing excited. "I can use Heavenly Convergence to train my raw physical strength. I can use Sonic Singularity to train my internal durability. I can use Speed Void to train my maneuvering. I can even use Soul Void to train sensory techniques!"

He no longer needed to run to the Martial Union with their specialized anti-sensory training environments. In fact, he could drastically elevate the quality of body training that he was able to engage in without needing external resources!

"I could even create a domain to train my domains!"

...

Now, that was a little far-fetched.

Even Rui had to admit that that would be extremely difficult, even in theory, let alone practice.

For now, he was satisfied with two years of simultaneous domain training and body conditioning.

"It will probably take a little longer to get both done even if they're simultaneous," Rui admitted since he would need to take more care to ensure both happened properly without any sub-optimal divergences.

But it was fine.

He was still training extremely efficiently and completing two training sessions in close to the timeframe it took for one. To complain even after that would be too greedy, even for Rui.

With that, he had laid the specific objectives for his latest training phase. To create domains while using them to condition his body to be immune to them. A domain of heat and a domain of cold.

"Project Muspelheim and Project Niflheim."

The names came to him almost immediately.

He couldn't resist.

After all, he named the Yggdrasil system after its namesake the Tree of Life in Norse mythology. Muspelheim and Niflheim were, respectively, realms of fire and frost and were of the nine realms of Yggdrasil.

It would be criminal not to name the two domains and forgo the chance to make for an awesome yet unintended theme.

"Now, I just need to work on the theoretical frameworks and then flesh out the blueprints."

Thankfully, he wasn't uninspired.

"Time to revisit thermodynamics."

It was a vast field that explored the dynamics of heat and the laws that governed them. If he could find the right law or principle, he could create powerful techniques that harnessed these laws better than anything in this world.

He had already had a large flood of ideas on how to go about creating a domain of heat and cold.

Especially for heat. There were so many possibilities that he would actually have to go through a phase of scientific empiricism with trial and error to gauge which of the many ways. He could rely on friction, acoustic conduction, gaseous convection, and a variety of other principles. He could also choose what sources of energy to convert to heat, be it his own physical power, environmental energy, or even his opponent's power in the most novel cases.

In the case of the cold domain, the options were more limited. It was much easier to generate heat than cold, and the former happened naturally every second. However, perhaps it was for the better. It would not do for him to be overwhelmed by too many choices across the entire board such that just making a choice would take a long time.

And thus began a new training arc that Rui set himself into, excited by the countless possibilities that existed.

-



Chapter 1987 Heating Elements

﻿﻿Rui lost track of time as he grew immersed in fleshing out the theoretical frameworks of the two projects. The many possibilities that existed with Project Muspelheim were, in particular, difficult to parse through.

"Friction is not a bad idea for a heating technique."

In fact, friction was the reason that all mechanical processes yielded heat. It was an extremely natural source of heat and, in some mechanical processes, produced so much heat that extra cooling units needed to be put in place just to ensure that friction did not cause them all to melt.

Back on Earth, in recognition of how great a source of heat it was, there even existed welding methods known as friction welding that used the tremendous heat that friction could generate to heat up two objects and weld them together. It was especially used for metals that had high melting points and was an efficient way of getting them to weld.

It was an extremely powerful candidate for the Muspelheim technique that Rui was seriously considering.

"The issue is that it requires at least one solid object."

Friction existed the most between solid-state objects with bound molecules and atoms. If they were not bound, then these particles would only collide with each other and move away.

"It might not be fit for heaven-bending generation, but it works well with earth-bending heat generation." Rui realized.

Earth bending involved manipulating the soil and bedrock beneath one's feet to use it in combat. It was most fit for friction-heating to create the high-temperate environment of Project Muspelheim.

"Alright, friction-heating for earth-bending it is…"

That was a rather simple choice.

While his other domain techniques paid more weight to heaven-bending, he couldn't do the same for Muspelheim.

The planet was an enormous heat sink. He needed to ensure that the lands beneath his feet were equally hot; otherwise, the heat he generated in the atmosphere would only transfer to the ground, which was at a lower temperature. He would lose almost all the effort that he put into heating it up.

"I'll need to start mastering friction-heating through earth-bending as soon as possible," Rui made a mental note to the training phase of Project Muspelheim.

For each technique he created, he also needed to create an efficient and optimal training regime. In some ways, it was even more important than the theoretical framework of the technique. A poor quality training regime could not only fail to get the user to a satisfactory degree of mastery, but waste a lot of time in the process.

"Ok, friction-heating for the earth-bending aspect of Project Muspelheim, but for heaven-bending, I need something that works well with gases."

'Heaven,' in the context of domain Martial Art, was merely the atmosphere and the air around the user. It was ideal to go for heating methods that were primarily centered around gaseous heating.

"Convection is powerful, but it's not easy to control, and in gases, it also moves against gravity."

Convection was a form of heat transfer that transferred heat through the movement of heated liquids or gases. In the context of Project Muspelheim, it would mean heating his breath to an extremely high degree before exhaling and bending it to spread across the entire atmosphere.

"It will definitely yield the highest temperature, but…" Rui's expression grew complicated. "It takes more time because the quantity of breath in my lungs is limited."Rêađ lat𝒆st ch𝒂/p/ters on n𝒐/v/𝒆/l(b)i𝒏(.)c/𝒐/m

No matter how powerful his lungs were, his lung capacity had firm limits. His body had a fixed size, which always meant that the amount of breath stored in it had fixed limits that no amount of training would ever improve.

The limited amount of breath per inhalation meant that it would take a lot of time to heat a lot of area.

Rui's eyes lit up as an idea popped up in them. "I…can increase the density of the air stored in my lungs."

This was ordinarily an impossible feat as the lungs of the Martial Body sorely lacked the power to convert a gas into a solid through sheer force, but the power of the Martial Heart was great enough to do that. That could partially mitigate the limited volume to a certain extent.

"I'll need to conduct several tests and trials."

While he could mathematically model the outcomes and simulate them inside his Mind Palace, it did not beat actual empiricism. However, even putting aside the outcome, heating the breath inside his lungs was not a part of heaven- bending. Heaven-bending happened after exhalation. Heating his breath inside his lungs was something that happened before exhalation.

"Even if I heat air in my lungs and exhale to heat the heavens using convection, I still need to figure out the exact manner in which I am going to bend the heavens."

Convection was something that didn't require heaven-

bending. Just exhaling heated breath would be enough for convection, but it was not heaven-bending.

Fortunately, Rui had several ideas.

"Gay-Lussac's Law." His eyes lit up with excitement. "It's perfect for this domain."

Gay-Lussac's Law was a law of Thermodynamics that governed gases. It that stated that the pressure exerted on an ideal gas, with a constant mass and constant volume, was directly proportional to the temperature of the gas.

In other words, as long as the size of a gas was unchanged, more pressure was equal to more temperature.

"If I use heaven-bending to create a domain with unchanging volume while also using heaven-bending to apply pressure to it, I can heat up the entire domain tremendously." Rui grew engrossed in the technique. "In fact, I can modify Heavenly Convergence to apply pressure to an entire domain. That way, I can skip progress by using stuff I've already mastered."

Thus, not only would he heat solidified air in his lung with pressure such that it would heat his domain with convection, but he could also then bend the heated breath to bend heaven to apply the Heavenly Convergence technique on an entire domain rather than a single person.

-



Chapter 1988 Energy Absorption

﻿﻿The Heavenly Convergence technique applied tremendous pressure on the target. Gay-Lussac's Law required immense pressure for immense heat; thus, it was the perfect technique to use.

Rui was immensely satisfied with the theoretical framework that he had created for the Muspelheim domain. The domain involved three forms of heating at the moment: 1) passive convection, which would happen naturally after exhaling super-heated breath; 2) active pressure-heating that required active effort and conscious control; and 3) friction-heating through earth-bending if he was in contact with the ground.

With these two elements, Rui was quite confident that the theoretical framework of the Muspelheim domain technique was complete. While he would have loved to add a fourth element to the technique, it was beyond his capacity to handle at the moment.

Three solid methods of heating was more than enough, especially when he needed to exert force to isolate his domain from the outside world to ensure that heat didn't leak. On top of that, adding a fourth element would make the technique extra-difficult for passive mastery which was also main objective of the Muspelheim technique.

"And with that, I have completed the theoretical framework and blueprint of the Muspelheim technique."

Now, he just needed to flesh out the training regime of the technique, keeping in mind that he sought to reach passive mastery.

"Thankfully, friction-heating is a lot easier to reach passive mastery for than normal domains."

Every time someone walked, they generated heat using the same friction that they propelled themselves forward. Every ounce of force that they applied on the ground would end up being used for friction. Every time he maneuvered, he could simultaneously use that to create heat in the bedrock of the land beneath his feet.

"Wait, friction isn't the only way I can heat the ground beneath my feet." Rui realized as an epiphany flashed in his mind. "I can also use Flux Earther!"

Flux Earther absorbed the opponent's energy and harmlessly redirected it to the lands beneath his feat. That was the purpose of this original technique that Rui had created. However, as he belatedly realized, this wasn't its only application.

"I can use my opponent's power to heat my domain."

He could use his opponent's power to fuel his domain and maintain it throughout the entire fight. Instead of harmlessly projecting all that power down the drain, he could use it to heat the land beneath his feet using acoustic conduction.

Acoustic conduction was the same principle that was used for the Sonic Singularity technique. Sound converged into a single target through the air, causing the vectors to cancel out and the order to crumble, becoming scalar chaotic heat within the target.Upstodatee from n(0)/v𝒆/lbIn/.(co/m

If he applied acoustic conduction through the Flux Earther to the land beneath his feet, he could heat it up extremely quickly, free of cost.

He could use his opponent's energy to cook them!

"It's genius!" He grinned, quickly revising the theoretical framework of Project Muspelheim, adding a fourth element of heating to the project.

On top of that, it would mean that Muspelheim would grow stronger and stronger the more Rui adapted to his opponents with his systems of thought. Once he reached a stage where the predictive and SOUL models were established, Flux Earther would grow vastly more powerful, which would mean that the Muspelheim domain would grow vastly more powerful.

Already, Rui could not imagine how powerful this domain would grow to become when he completed it.

It had the potential to become the most powerful domain he had ever created. If he ever ran into a creature whose antithetical environment, according to the enlightenment of the Tree of Life, was a heat domain, then they were so dead that it made Rui laugh giddily.

"Damn, I shouldn't have killed that dragon!" He cursed himself. "I missed the opportunity of watching it suffer in a domain antithetical to it when I complete Project Muspelheim."

Project Muspelheim truly excited Rui. He immediately rushed to flesh out its training regime now that he had updated it.

"I need to master generating heat through friction with regular maneuvering." Rui thoughtfully considered. "Thankfully, I know all my combat patterns. Thus, I can tailor a training regime specifically to my patterns."

This was where Rui's Martial Art gave him an edge over all other Martial Art. His own systems of thought allowed him to create absolutely perfect training regimes for himself while others followed more generalized methods that were not optimized for him.

Furthermore, with the recent revelation that domains could help him condition his own body, he had freed himself from needing to rely on anybody but himself, which allowed him to customize his training even more.

It was possible that he might finish his current training arc in merely two years. Thankfully, the burden of time had been removed from him the moment he stepped into the Mellow Manifold.

"Master generating friction with my maneuvering patterns, Practice internal breathing pressure-heating, Master applying Heavenly Convergence to an entire domain rather than a target. Master applying local Sonic Singularities with Flux Earther."

The latter was definitely the hardest but also the most powerful since it didn't require using his own power but instead absorbed his opponent's power and used it against them. However, he had already begun fleshing out the specifics of how he was going to go about mastering these four elements of heating.

"Alright, now for Project Niflheim."

One would think that being so engrossed in heat generation would mean that he was less excited about a cooling domain, but alas, that was not true.

"A lot of the insights I gained from working on Project Muspelheim can be used to improve Project Niflheim."

Hot and cold were two sides of the same coin. The inverse of heating was cooling. Many of the principles that Rui had used for heating, when inversed, could be used to get rid of heat. In fact, just thinking about how he could further reduce his time by making efficient use of concepts from Muspelheim made him even more excited.

"This might be one of the most productive training arcs of my entire life."

-



Chapter 1989 Cooling Elements

﻿﻿Project Niflheim was a domain meant to create a cold environment antithetical to beasts who couldn't handle the cold whatsoever. Fortunately, even before he got to the project, Project Muspelheim had given him several ideas.

"Convection," Rui remarked. "It's more useful for getting rid of heat than heating."

While Rui was confident that he could use it to heat the Muspelhein domain, it was even more naturally useful in the Niflheim domain. He could use convection to filter out heated air allowing only cool air to remain within his domain, significantly reducing the temperature.

In fact, it was precisely this principle that was used in modern cooling units to prevent equipment, electronics, and machinery from burning or melting. Thus, its cooling power could not be understated.

Yet, that was just one of many cooling elements that Rui had in mind.

"If high pressure yields high temperatures, then low pressures will yield low temperatures."

Gay-Lussac's Law worked both ways. Rui could drastically cool the environment by applying the inverse of Heavenly Convergence to direct pressure away from the domain, allowing it to cool significantly.

It was definitely functional as the second element of the Niflheim domain.

"Additionally, I get rid of heat by using the enthalpy of vaporization as a heat sink."

This was the same way an AC functioned. Air conditioners functioned by having liquids absorb heat from the environment to convert the liquid into gas, lowering the temperature of the environment.

What would happen if said AC was a billion times more powerful? What would happen if an AC became as powerful as a Martial Senior who could level a mountain at his or her peak?

That was what Rui aimed to be.

"I can temporarily convert gas into liquid within my lungs using pressure and then have the gas rapidly absorb heat as it turns into a gas

"Convection, pressure-cooling, and vaporization cooling."

These were the three elements of the Niflheim Domain that he had come up with.

They were powerful enough on their own, but Rui was not satisfied.

The Muspelheim domain had a fourth element that absorbed the enemy's energy and used it to heat the Muspelheim domain.

Unless Rui found a way to add the same energy-absorption element to the Niflheim domain, it would never be as strong as the Muspelheim domain. That was deeply dissatisfying to Rui.

He wanted the Niflheim domain to be as glorious and powerful as the Muspelhein domain was. He wanted both domains to be equally powerful such that if they were used simultaneously by two Rui's, the environmental temperature would remain unchanged because both domains would perfectly cancel out each other.

He refused to make any progress until he added a similarly powerful fourth element to the Niflheim domain.

Thankfully, his powerful mind delivered after it processed all the options at hand.

"Thermoacoustic cooling." Rui grinned as he found the answer.R/ê/Ad lat𝙚St ch/a/pters at nô(v)e(l)bin/.c/o//m Only

This was a novel and cutting-edge form of cooling back on Earth in the twenty-first century that applied sound to absorb heat.

Sound waves were comprised of low-pressure and high- pressure zones. Thermoacoustic conditioning functioned by timing and spacing sound such that, in the low-pressure zones of a sound wave, the gas expanded and absorbed heat, and in the high-pressure zone, the gas contracted and expelled heat.

Thus, sound could transfer heat in a particular direction away from an area as long as the right frequencies were perfectly applied.

"I can absorb my opponent's energy using Flux Earther and use the sound it creates in the land to cool the Niflheim domain via thermoacoustic cooling."

This way, he could absorb his opponent's power to cool the environment down even further than the three elements of cooling that he had already created.

This way, the Niflheim technique could create an environment that was absurdly cold.

With this, it would be able to match its counterpart in the Muspelheim domain.

"Brilliant, with this, the theoretical framework of the Niflheim domain is complete. On top of that, I can significantly borrow from the training of the Muspelheim domain as well, further reducing the training time of the entire project.

"Thermoacoustic cooling is definitely going to be the hardest to train out of all four cooling elements of the Niflheim domain," Rui realized.

It was drastically different from anything he had done before; thus, it would definitely require the most focus out of all the training elements of Project Niflheim.

"Additionally, I can't forget that the body conditioning training needs to be applied side by side with these two domains in such a manner that progressive overload is never once broken. Otherwise, it could kill my gains."

The epithelial system, the entirety of the body's outer flesh, was replaced every twenty-seven days. He needed to ensure that the conditioning training adhered to that cycle to maximize the effects of the training, such that each cycle of skin was more resistant to cold and heat than the previous one.

Over two years, that was more than enough time to gain an immense amount of resistance to heat and cold. It was the same reason that workers who worked in furnaces had essentially become immune to the heat. Their epithelial tissue had been conditioned and had adaptively evolved to handle the heat over long timespan.

The Martial Body was even more extreme, with an even higher ability to condition and adaptively evolve to environments and forces. Thus, no matter how powerful these domains became, Rui was certain that he would be able to handle them without any issues, no matter what, as long as his training went right.

"Alright, time to begin."

He immediately commenced his training after fleshing out the training regimes and all the details in his head, dedicating exactly equal amounts of time to each domain. In hindsight, he was glad that he focused on only two domains rather than three.

"I should focus more on quality than quantity the stronger I get," he murmured.

The more techniques he had, the less quantity mattered. It was better to have a single grade-ten technique than three grade-eight techniques.

-



Chapter 1990  Progress



WHOOSH WHOOSH WHOOSH!

Kane's dagger flashed through the air in blinding arcs, cleaving through the very molecules that stood in his way. CRACKLE

It left only sparks of plasma in its path. WHOOSH WHOOSH WHOOOOSH!

He pirouetted in the air, launching countless spinning dagger swipes.

STEP

"Huff…Huff…" He glanced at his daggers. "Not bad. Though I might need to upgrade these after I get back to the Kandrian Empire."

His daggers were made of Master-level behemoth fang. Only Master-level substances could possibly serve as the materials for the weapons of a Martial Senior. This was because his daggers were razor-sharp. The dagger's edge had to withstand the full power of a Martial Senior being focused through a single point. Senior-level substances, which were defined as substances that would withstand Senior-level attacks with only mild deformation, could not withstand such kinds of pressures.

Kane had to work hard to be bestowed these weapons by the Martial Union and then even harder to forge them into the daggers that he used presently. Yet, the moment he did, he gained a tremendous amount of lethality. Not even Rui could afford to be hit with his attacks, though Rui had reached a stage where Kane could never even touch him with his dagger, even if he wanted to.

Yet, he knew that Rui was the one that was abnormal. Kane had fought many Martial Seniors after Rui broke him through to the Senior Realm which allowed him to gauge just how deviant he was as a Martial Senior.

He knew that he was definitely extremely abnormal, thanks to that. Most of the Martial Seniors he fought were old enough to be his grandparents or great-grandparents. On top of that, Kane's progress in the Senior Realm was truly incredible, which was what allowed him to earn enough appreciation from the Martial Union to bestow him with a loan to buy exceptionally high-quality daggers shortly after he broke through.

The Martial Union had a credit system that essentially allowed Martial Artists with resource-intensive Martial Art, like weapon-oriented Martial Artists, to get all the resources they needed on the promise of making use of the growth they got from it to repay the Martial Union.

Furthermore, it was interest-free. The Martial Union was much more interested in investing in Martial Art than trying to squeeze it for money.

Much to their appreciation, Kane proved his worth right away, reaching extraordinary growth rates within the Senior Realm. He was substantially superior to all other Martial Seniors of his grade in his potential and rate of manifesting that potential.

Of the three generational prodigies of his generation, he was the only one who had manifested that talent into actual power and sustained astronomical growth, being one to shatter the previous two records for the youngest Martial Senior.

He was exceptional. Yet, despite being exceptional, he found it difficult to take pride in it. At the very least, it was impossible for him to grow smug and self-satisfied.

That was because of the cosmic anomaly known as Rui Quarrier Silas Kandria. Rui made him feel like how normal Martial Artists felt looking at Kane. Everything about him was absurdly unprecedented. While geniuses like Kane were not uncommon in the five centuries of the Age of Martial Art, the world had never seen a reality-defying Martial Artist like Rui.

Up until a year ago, Kane had never understood how Rui's growth rate was so ridiculously high. His innate talent for Martial Art had never been as high as Kane's when they were young. Rui took far longer than Kane did to master existing Martial Art techniques like the Apprentice-level Parallel Walk.

Yet, he somehow managed to rise astronomically and develop absurd systems of thought even as an Apprentice. Later on, he maintained that growth rate by developing techniques with extraordinary individuality and consequently, power.

Only after Kane learned his secret did everything finally make sense.

In the past year, he had been slowly processing this staggering revelation. He had accepted it as the truth, but it was difficult to understand what it meant. A part of him felt like Rui should have told him a long time ago. One of his greatest sources of insecurity and sense of inadequacy was being so slow despite having a prodigious innate talent for absorbing Martial Art.

It had tormented him for long. Had he known that Rui was blessed with otherworldly priceless knowledge of Martial Art and understanding of reality, he would never have felt so inadequate. He could have avoided years of self-torment if Rui had simply told him the truth.

However, he understood why Rui had never told him. It was impossible to tell. It was impossible to believe. Kane would probably scoff it off because of how outlandish it was.

Dying and being reincarnated in another world?

If not for the Elder Tree providing such irrefutable proof, he would never have believed such a tale so easily.

It was also impossible to trust.

Especially when Kane, admittedly, grew more immature after entering the academy and Lightning Sect once the pressure of his family went away. The more distance he put between his family and himself, the more he could be the child that he was not allowed to be. He was far too juvenile back then and perhaps even now to be trusted with such a heavy secret. No one in their right mind would bear the deepest secrets of their soul to such a person.

He could only blame himself. Had he been more mature and trustworthy, then perhaps Rui would have voluntarily divulged this secret of his own volition. Thê sourc𝗲 of this conte/nt n/o/v/(𝒆l)bi((n))

Regardless, the past was the past. He had resolved himself to be more reliable from there on out so that Rui would never feel like he couldn't trust Kane. This was especially the case since Kane had been entrusted with an important role in the plan to break out of the Mellow Manifold.

"Huff…" Kane caught his breath, sheathing his blade before glancing in the direction Rui was training in.

"Let's see how much progress he's made in a year."

-



