Chapter 2300 Rocked Worldview



K'Mala tried her best to expect what was to come after she had made the life-changing decision to leave Vilun Island and join the Kandrian Empire.

She failed.

The Kandrian Empire exceeded her expectations.

No, it was more accurate to say that human civilization was beyond her expectations.

The scale and scope were beyond her wildest imagination.

Villages that stretched beyond what the eyes could see, continuing seemingly endlessly. Giant buildings, ships, and innumerable other products of human creativity and ingenuity seemed to be made in enormous numbers.

Esoteric technology blew her mind away the most.

To her, it was downright magic.

A defiance of the natural order.

Yet, it was everywhere, aiding the daily lives of the people of the Kandrian Empire.

Of course, Rui had informed her that the Kandrian Empire was far more advanced than most of human civilization, but it still beggared the imagination.

The moment she arrived at the headquarters of the Martial Union, she felt lost in the sheer scale of the premises.

It was far larger than the entirety of the G'ak'arkan Tribe's village!

Inside, a team of managers and assistants bowed to her upon her arrival.

"Master K'Mala, formerly of the G'ak'arkan Tribe, we are honored to inform you that we are the staff dedicated to taking care of you in the Kandrian Empire for all matters that you may need assistance with. We will strive to ensure that you don't find us lacking in any way whatsoever," an elderly woman at the head of the team spoke with perfect fluency in the Vilun Dialect.

"…Ah, thank you." She was taken aback.

"Then, allow us to guide you to the luxury suite that His Highness has personally arranged for you if you are so inclined."

She stared at the woman with a mystified expression. They spoke the same language, yet K'Mala was unable to understand what she was saying.

"'His Highness?'" She tilted her head. "What is that? Is that the name of a person?"

The head of staff smiled. "It is a manner of referring to Prince Rui Quarrier Silas Kandria, the greatest prince of the Kandrian Empire."

She frowned. "I do not follow."

"Rest assured that we have prepared a briefing to bring you up to speed on human civilization and the Kandrian Empire, as instructed by His Highness. You may take it right away if you are so inclined." n/ô/vel/b//in dot c//om

She was too curious to wait for long, as soon as she recouped her Martial Mind with some sleep, she immediately opted for the briefing so that she could enhance her understanding of human civilization and the Kandrian Empire.

And what she learned blew her mind.

The scale of human civilization.

The scale of the Panama Continent.

The Vilun Island was so astronomically tiny that it didn't even show up on a map of the Panama Continent!

She learned about the existence of not one but two ranks of Martial Art above her own, a fact that stunned her. She learned about the Age of Martial Art and the powers of human civilization. She learned that the Kandrian Empire stood at the very top of all of them. She learned that Rui was the son of the leader of this powerhouse of a nation and was once in line to become the leader himself.

He wielded an unfathomable amount of power and influence within the Kandrian Empire and over East Panama. It left her in a state of shock.

He had the power to bully her and her clan into submission.

He possessed such an enormous amount of power that she couldn't help but wonder why he had reciprocated her advances as passionately as he did.

She was aware that she possessed very little of the feminine charm that the non-warrior women of her tribe possessed. She was certain that she held no candle to the countless women that someone of his power and status could attract with even the slightest bit of effort.

The revelation that she had slept with one of the most influential figures of East Panama left her thoroughly stunned.

"His Highness has gone to great lengths to ensure that you wouldn't regret your decision to leave your home and live in an entirely different nation with different cultures, civilizations, and languages. We will thoroughly help you adjust during your time in the Kandrian Empire and ensure that you feel comfortable, as per His Highness' will, Your Mastery."

She couldn't help but feel butterflies in her stomach at the woman's words, a rather peculiar sensation that she hadn't experienced ever before. "It won't be easy to adjust to everything, but we will do our best to help you get used to everything. There are many things that you will need to learn if you are to reside in the Kandrian Empire. You will need to grow accustomed to our norms and laws if you are to continue residing here for the rest of the war." She nodded with a determined expression. "I will learn."

"Of course, this doesn't take priority over your Martial Art, by any means, Your Mastery. After all, we require your assistance to protect our great empire from those who seek to destroy it."

"I will train and fight," she confirmed. "I will also learn. I will do all of it beyond satisfactorily."

Much to the surprise of her staff, she didn't turn out to be exaggerating. She absorbed knowledge like a sponge, learning everything that they taught her and more. She didn't just learn, she assimilated, inferred, and applied all her knowledge as well.

She was cognitively gifted, far more so than most Masters. She had managed to follow the strict math and science classes that Rui imparted to her. She was determined to not waste the opportunity that Rui had given her, gaining knowledge that she would never have gotten on Vilun Island. By the time she was done, she ensured that she would not serve as a point of shame to Rui.

-



Chapter 2301 Imparting Adaptive Evolution



Once Rui created the sect and set up its most fundamental parts, he left Mikhaela and the rest of his administrative staff in charge of overseeing its development. Of course, he only handed them the reins after ensuring that they had comprehended his broader priorities and objectives for the development of the sect.

They were more than competent enough to handle the details.

The major construction corporations of the Kandrian Empire all desperately leaped at the announcement that the Water Sect was looking to construct a headquarters in the enormous plot purchased in the heart of the Town of Hajin, not too far away from the Martial Academy.

It was an opportunity to forge a relationship with the Void Prince of the Kandrian Empire, after all. They would be fools to miss out on this opportunity. At the end of the day, Dealarian Infrastructures, the leading construction corporation of the Kandrian Empire, emerged victorious, securing a construction contract with the Water Sect.

"We look forward to working with you, Chairman Dealarian." Mikhaela smiled, shaking his head after all the paperwork was signed and the deal was official.

"We are honored that the Water Sect has chosen us to aid in its development," the man graciously replied. "I hoped that I would be able to convey my gratitude and conviction to deliver nothing but absolute perfection to His Highness in person, but it appears that it will have to wait for another time." Mikhaela smiled knowingly. "His Highness is unfortunately extremely busy with several important matters, including but not limited to the sect and the war. I'm sure that I don't need to tell you about the severity of the latter and the importance of His Highness in that regard."

"Of course not. His Highness is among the chief forces among Masters that are doing the most to protect the Kandrian Empire from our enemies," the man praised. "I think I can speak for everyone in the civil construction industry that we are truly grateful to His Highness for his contributions to the security of the Kandrian Empire. We would suffer incalculable losses if something were to happen to the Kandrian Empire, god forbid."

That part certainly was true.

Although powerful and large companies possessed the capital to shift countries and start anew elsewhere, they would suffer immensely doing so by cutting away years of progress in the process.

While the man sang praises of Rui in the outside world, Rui had secluded himself in the manifold as he began preparing a set of techniques derived from the systems of the Flowing Void Style.

He needed to prepare a set of techniques that was exclusive to the Water Sect to add to the incentives that those with Martial Art related to Adaptive Evolution would be attracted to. "I can't just give them individual techniques." n/o/vel/b//in dot c//om

He frowned as he tried working through the problem to see how he ought to create techniques from his Martial Art to impart the Adaptive Evolution that he had already created into something that was more general and flexible so that it could be adapted by those who wanted to incorporate it into their Martial Art.

"The easiest to pass on is probably to Hypnomatrix."

It was a lot simpler, and the techniques were unusual but not unheard of. Imparting it was a lot simpler than imparting other parts of his Martial Art.

This was especially true for the Yggdrasil System.

"My current utilization of the Yggdrasil System makes use of three grade-nine techniques and two grade-ten techniques." He winced when he thought about how difficult it would be to pass them on. "Not to mention, it also has the Tree of Life as a part of it."

The Tree of Life was impossible to pass on.

It was born out of applying the VOID algorithm to the enormous ocean of information on the biosphere of the Panama Continent that he had received from the Elder Tree. It was absolutely impossible for him to pass it on to others, considering the extreme circumstances under which he himself had gotten the system of thought.

The only other person that he knew of who had also gained enlightenment in the Tree of Life was the Divine Doctor, but his circumstances were probably even more extreme than Rui's.

"Forget it, I don't need to impart it or the two temperature domains either." He shook his head. "Imparting simple versions of the first three domain techniques should be enough for a start."

While the complete Yggdrasil System was the most exotic and one of the most difficult systems of Adaptive Evolution in his Martial Art, one of the trickiest and messiest systems of Adaptive Evolution was something like the Metabody System.

It was one of the crudest  systems of his Martial Art. He had cobbled up the technique system with the intention of being able to adaptively evolve his physical configuration to become best suited for defeating his opponent.

But they made use of strange principles and external elements that were highly unconventional; they also weren't united by any single element aside from being powered by stamina and the Hungry Pain technique. He considered it to be a learning process for creating more refined systems of Adaptive Evolution in the future. "Should I even pass on this system as it is? I'm sure there are more refined approaches that are simply easier to master than this one." For example, he recalled the set of breathing techniques that Ian Nepomniatchi had used against him decades ago, which allowed him to alter the output of his effective output configuration to achieve a less extreme version of the Metabody System.

"Hm, I should contact Master Vericita about that," he mused. "Also, I'm sure that Sir Armstrong and Master Zentra can offer input in this regard that would be extremely useful, given their specialties."

The latter owed him more than one favor, so it wasn't a big deal to ask him for help for this matter.

-



Chapter 2302: Expert Consultation

﻿

"...and that's why I hoped to get your opinion on the matter. I was hoping you could help me out with a set of techniques that allow for the manipulation of the body or some other manner of changing the physical configuration of one's combat."

Rui stood before a meditating Gatekeeper.

He knew that the man was in the manifold using to his full advantage to get his combat power to speed with his training Martial Mind. His power was truly amazing and awe-inspiring as a Senior, but it was almost laughable for a Master; there was no doubt that, for the moment, he was the weakest Master in existence.

Rui knew that in theory, yet he couldn't help but break into a cold sweat when he sensed the sheer amount of power that was contained in the man's body.

It was beyond anything Rui had ever sensed from any Martial Body.

His Martial Body put even to shame how strong it had been during Operation Clean-Up, having grown multiple times stronger in the span of fourteen months in the manifold.

BADUMP

RUMBLE...

Rui's gaze shifted to the tremoring earth below him with disbelief as he witnessed the man's heartbeat generating seismic radiation with the sheer force it beat. His raw physicality had reached such an immense degree that he felt like he was looking at a Master-level monster in human guise rather than a Martial Artist!

While Martial Artists were qualitatively far superior as combatants to monsters, this was despite having weaker Martial Bodies. In the case of the Gatekeeper, however, Rui was starting to suspect that when he grew stronger than such beasts, it was because of his physicality rather than despite it.

In just one month of real-world time, his Martial Body had grown far stronger than it used to be.

His methods were clearly working extremely well. From what he could tell, it wouldn't be too long before he achieved the power of a Martial Master.

He was undoubtedly the most unique Martial Master in existence.

"Hm, your concerns pose an interesting hurdle." His eyes opened as he thought aloud. "I am familiar with your body alteration techniques, having faced them in our duel. Nary a man can master them as well as you have, for they are your brainchild, and they do not possess the knowledge that is needed to regulate the dangerous external elements that you have integrated into your Body. I know how difficult and dangerous it is to integrate more powerful substances into your body in hopes of empowering your Body. The fact that you have succeeded in doing so without a Martial Mind like mine speaks volumes to your cognitive prowess, but you cannot pass on that feat to others."

Rui's eyes widened as the Gatekeeper revealed a hint behind the secret of his Martial Mind. "You're telling me that your training systems of thought allow you to mitigate the risk and difficulty of integrating powerful substances into your Body?!"

It wasn't impossible to do this without a Martial Mind or anything like that. The issue is that the more foreign substances that one integrated into one's body, the greater the risk of lethal combination, the greater the risk of a case of esoteric poisoning, and there also was the initial difficulty of conditioning one's Body to the integrated substances. The more powerful they were, the exponentially greater the difficulty of integrating them into his Body.

It was one of the reasons that Primordial Seed was an extremely high-hanging fruit; even a microgram of such a powerful exotic substance in his body was probably beyond merely lethal. This was the limit that ultimately forced Rui to stop relying on esoteric substances to pursue greater power in the Senior Realm.

It was also why it wasn't an established way of getting stronger.

However, from what the Gatekeeper had told him, he had managed to overcome this great limit!

Sir Armstrong nodded. "It is one of many reasons that my Martial Body has grown far than it used to be, among many other causes. The secrets of biochemistry combined with my five centuries of experience and mastery of conditioning techniques have allowed me to condition my body to an extremely high degree, allowing me to gain the power of esoteric reality."

Rui stared at him with amazement and admiration.

He was truly worthy of the respect that he received within the Kandrian Empire. Rui looked forward to finding out how strong the man would eventually become after he had accumulated enough physical master over the span of several more years in the manifold. "What do you recommend then?"

He had a point that Rui had been extremely careful and applied his knowledge of human physiology to ensure that he didn't cross a line when it came to integrating esoteric substances into his physiology.n/o/vel/b//in dot c//om

He would need to hold their hands during the training or have them study and understand what they were getting into.

It was more hassle than it was worth for most people.

"I would recommend a less extreme manner of the alteration of physical configuration than what you are utilizing," the Gatekeeper remarked. "You should be familiar with it; after all, I demonstrated in our duel."

Rui's eyes lit up. "You mean your Martial Heart control? That was extremely powerful. There is no way that just anybody can use it."

The Gatekeeper shook his head. "Do not mistake my extreme mastery of the technique for the power of the technique itself. How long do you think I have been training with that technique? Longer than you have been alive. In other words, it is not innately at the level that you have seen me using. After having achieved preliminary mastery of the technique, they will not be able to instantaneously alter the configuration the way I was. But they will be able to do it over some amount of time, allowing them to continuously adaptively evolve as you seek to have them do."

Rui's eyes lit up at Sir Armstrong's words. "That's perfect!"



Chapter 2303 Blood Vessel Manipulation



Rui most certainly recalled the Martial Heart manipulation technique that the Gatekeeper had deployed in their battle. The man had exquisite control over his Martial Heart, which allowed him to use it in extremely flexible and efficient manners. Rui hadn't even considered the technique because he assumed that it was extremely difficult, making it utterly non-viable for standard Martial Artists.

However, according to the Gatekeeper, it was something that powerful because of his mastery of the technique rather than the technique itself. It also meant that the technique difficulty was lower, making it viable for Rui to have it serve as a method of bodily Adaptive Evolution for those who joined the Water Sect in hopes of mastering it to a greater degree.

Of course, that also meant that the technique was not going to be as impressive as Rui remembered it in their duel, but he was fine with that. He didn't need to provide his sect members with grade-ten techniques when it came to giving them the basics of Adaptive Evolution.

On top of that, above the Apprentice Realm, stuffing them with too many pre-existing techniques was not good. Martial Squires were supposed to be creating techniques that would allow them to squeeze out the hidden potential of their Body and eventually awaken the Martial Heart.

Individuality was needed, for individuality was the only way to ensure that their techniques were perfectly compatible with and synergetic with them. Thus, Rui had no intention of spoiling them with a large number of techniques in each domain. It would be better if he simply gave them a technique in each broader field and had it serve as their entry point into the field that they could explore and progress in. "Thank you for your aid." Rui smiled at the man. "I did expect that your knowledge and expertise would be useful, but I didn't think that you would have the perfect solution."

The elderly Master shook his head.

"I am deeply ingratiated to you."

He gazed at Rui. "Without your grace, I would still be in a coma. I most certainly would not have broken through to the Master Realm. In comparison to that, this is merely a tiny sliver of the debt that I must pay back to you. Now, then, let me impart the technique to you. It will take some time before I have transcribed the principles and the training regime."

He explained the technique thoroughly to Rui as he began writing it down in a small procured booklet.

"Blood vessel manipulation?" Rui's eyes lit up with interest.

The Gatekeeper nodded. "Forsooth, that is the secret of the technique. It manipulates blood vessels to allocate blood flow. The more blood a particular region of the body receives, the better it is able to function. The breath that we imbue in blood contains the necessary ingredients for the fire of life to be stoked and deliver even greater power. Parts of the body deprived of blood will be temporarily weakened in turn. Thus it effectively functions as the reallocation of resources as per your will." n/ô/vel/b//in dot c//om

Rui grew fascinated by the technique principle. It was completely different from what he  had expected. "That means that I was mistaken in my evaluation that this technique only applied to the Martial Heart. It applies to the Martial Body in general."

"Correct, it is not an uncommon misunderstanding of the technique, however. After all, the technique visually appears to be manipulating the Martial Heart. Thus, it is a misunderstanding that even Sages have harbored. However, as I have explained, the technique is not nearly as extravagant as one would think. What matters most is how well one masters it and how well one applies it."

Rui nodded. "That only makes the technique more valuable if you ask me. Are there any catches or risks that I should be made aware of before I spread the technique?"

"…If misapplied, there is a minute possibility of a heart attack or blood vessel rupture. But aside from that, I cannot think of anything else. It is a relatively benign technique that grows more powerful the better it is applied," Sir Armstrong continued as he documented the training method. "After all, the mechanism by which the blood vessel manipulation occurs is through altering internal pressure. You apply pressure on some parts of the circulatory system while lowering pressure on other parts of the circulatory system, thereby changing the flow of blood."

"…Fascinating."

As the Gatekeeper continued explaining the technique to Rui, Rui couldn't help but gain even greater excitement at spreading the technique as the basis of an entirely new field of bodily Adaptive Evolution.

With this technique and perhaps one or two other foundational techniques at the basis of the physical Adaptive Evolution in the Water Sect, he could create an incredible new endeavor that would improve the way that Martial Artists applied their physicalities in combat.

With this, he didn't need to be worried about a high failure rate or flawed physical evolution. Although this method would lead to less powerful physical evolution than his Metabody System, it was worth it as it reduced the barrier of entry and was highly flexible and general. In other words, there were plenty of directions to build upon with their own individuality from there, whereas the Metabody System was less forgiving and less flexible, offering them much less room for individuality.

It was perfect for his needs.

"I am done," the Gatekeeper remarked after some time. "It is not detailed, but that is hardly an impediment for the likes of you."

Rui grinned as he accepted the little booklet with care. "Thank you. I'll be sure to put it to good use."

Rui bade him goodbye and good luck before heading out. He immediately secluded himself back in his isolated chamber in the manifold as he fell into thought about the foundational techniques to be offered to future recruits of the Water Sect. Thanks to the Gatekeeper, he had made great progress with establishing a flexible and general foundation in physical evolution that could be used as the basis for all progress in the field in the future.

-



Chapter 2304 Philosophical Foundation



His considerations regarding the Gatekeeper's blood flow manipulation technique helped him flesh out exactly what standards he wanted to hold the rest of the Water Sect's offered techniques to. n/o/vel/b//in dot c//om

It also helped him flesh out exactly the kind framework that he was working with and how all of it fit into the big picture of his new sect.

There was the sect's field of focus, which was Adaptive Evolution. Then, there were sub-fields within Adaptive Evolution, which were fields that Rui had created in his time as a Martial Artist pursuing Adaptive Evolution.

And within those sub-fields, there were the core foundational principles or techniques upon which Martial Artists could build their individualized techniques and Martial Art on.

The Gatekeeper's heart manipulation technique showed him that he had to ensure that there was a low barrier of entry to those very core foundational techniques in each sub-field. It needed to have not just a low barrier of entry but also high potential. The more potential it had, the more it could be individualized by Martial Artists who sought to build upon it.

"I'll need to do the same for the other technique systems in my Martial Art," he mused to himself. The Hypnomatrix, the Yggdrasil System, the Pathfinder, and his systems of thought.

With the Hypnomatrix, the techniques were the most standard and mainstream in principle, but in reality, some of his techniques were based on John's memories with asthma, such as the Breathing Crucifix.

These were more difficult, but not impossible, as long as any given Martial Artist had the perseverance to suffer through induced breathing impediments over extended periods of time, they would be able to learn his Breathing Crucifix to a lesser degree.

"The issue is that this is still an extremely narrow path into hypnosis."

The reason that he had chosen these techniques was because they were suited for his purposes as an all-rounder. However, it wasn't the only way. "Hypnosis is versatile and diverse. Do I really want to funnel members of the Water Sect into these three narrow paths?"

Ideally, no.

Hypnosis was something that, ideally, would be explored by each Martial Artist for themselves as they developed something truly individualistic that would be truly compatible and synergetic with their Martial Art, Path, and who they were as people. For example, several of his hypnotic techniques were imagination-intensive. They required a powerful imagination and thus could be highly unsuited for Martial Artists who weren't gifted with high imaginative capabilities.

Everyone had their strengths and weaknesses.

The more Rui thought about it, the more he felt dissatisfied with the prospects of forcing people into narrow paradigms. Not just because it was unfair to those who were unsuited for those particular paradigms but also because the goal of the Water Sect was to serve as the solution for a potential bottleneck and as a tool to aid his ascent to the Sage Realm.

"I need to think broader. I need to allow them to explore hypnosis in its entirety while also doing so from the perspective and objective of pursuing Adaptive Evolution within the field of hypnosis."

This was much harder than it sounded.

The reason that Rui was able to jump into brand-new fields and apply them adaptive-evolutionarily without any hitch was because he possessed an extremely deep understanding of Adaptive Evolution as a concept and philosophy.

That was why, even if he dived into an unknown field, he was able to wind his way into creating brilliant applications in that field for Adaptive Evolution. "This is what they need in order to ensure that they apply hypnosis optimally for Adaptive Evolution in a manner that is highly compatible and synergistic with them," Rui realized. "I need to instill in them a philosophical foundation surrounding Adaptive Evolution as a Martial Path."

So long as he did that, they would be able to apply any new field to Adaptive Evolution without losing sight of the latter.

If he had just introduced them to hypnosis without this philosophical foundation, then they would have been lost and ended up creating techniques that had very little to do with Adaptive Evolution and more to do with hypnosis.

Thus, a philosophical foundation that would allow them to evaluate how to apply fields to Adaptive Evolution in a manner that they were most compatible with and synergetic with was necessary. "I'll need to start working on that immediately."

It was actually more important than the individual technique systems that he had been working on prior. He looked forward to imparting the philosophy of water that Bruce Lee had created to these Martial Artists.

He had no qualms about spreading the ideals of his idol from another world.

"I'll also have to take the first classes myself to ensure that I pass on a proper canon for the philosophy," he murmured. "Hell, I should just write a book. I'll call it 'Be Water.'"

It was a good way of paying homage to the man.

Ordinarily, this would be almost impossible to do during wartime, but he had the manifold, and he could get away with it.

"Fourteen months, that's enough time to achieve everything I have set out to do."

It wasn't going to be an issue as long as he put his mind to it. "In addition to a philosophical foundation, there are things that I can impart to them," he realized. "If I'm going to teach them philosophy, I might as well impart other methodologies."

There was a lot that he had to offer. He could teach them the systematic method of technique development.

He could teach them how to approach systems of thought systematically.

The latter was something that he was seriously considering. If the voidlet techniques could have made an impact on the propensity for thought in the Master Realm, then he couldn't help but grow quite excited about what kind of impact he would make if he imparted something that was aimed at a fundamental improvement when it came to creating systems of thought. He was excited to deep dive into all of it.

-



Chapter 2305: Stuck In A Muck

﻿

Time passed in the manifold as Rui got to work, dedicating himself to securing the prosperity of the Water Sect while the war for allies slowly intensified.

Aggressive negotiations had broken out between the Sage-level and Master-level nations in East Panama, with the two sides fighting to earn their support and alliance. It put the nations in a position of privilege as well as a position of deep pressure.

If they chose to ally with the Kandrian Empire, then they were bound to suffer attacks from the East Panamic Treaty Alliance that had declared war on all Kandrian Allies in East Panama.

On top of that, they ran the risk of facing the wrath of the alliance after the war if the Kandrian Empire lost.

However, if they sided with the alliance, then they would forever forsake extremely juicy offers that only the Kandrian Empire could provide. Resources and breakthroughs were extremely difficult for anybody to resist, and Emperor Rael had promised even more after the Kandrian Empire won the war and overcame the Great Limit.

Normally, such promises meant nothing in the political sphere as promises could be and were often broken. However, the Emperor of Harmony had spent three centuries cultivating an image of reliability and trustworthiness as a man of his word.

If he promised something, he kept his word or compensated people so generously that they forgot about any grievances they ever had. Having done that over and over again with almost religious fervor paid off in the war as every nation took his promises extremely seriously.

The promise of highly generous benefits, rewards, and capital from a nation that was all but bound to become a Transcendent nation should it survive the war was something that they were unable to overlook under these circumstances.

Each and every one of them was put in between a rock and a hard place.

The alliance, led by Prime Minister Edward, utilized a brutal and ruthless strategy of focusing on the stick, while the Emperor of Harmony focused on using even more alluring carrots.

Never had there been a worse time to be the leader of a nation. The sheer amount of pressure that each and every one of them experienced was life-shortening. Each nation had received two diplomatic convoys upon the inception of the war for allies. One from the alliance and one from the Kandrian Empire.

Every day, each leader would be pressured by each of the diplomatic teams who urged them to take their offer.

One such man was the guildmaster of the Shionel Confederation.

This was the first time in his life that Guildmaster Bradt had experienced pressure on this scale. The Shionel Confederation had two Martial Sages on retainer, thus, it had experienced particularly high pressure from each side.

"Huff..." he heaved a sigh, resting his head in his hands.

Never before had he been faced with such a mind-bogglingly difficult choice in his entire life.

For him, in particular, this choice was impossible to make.

It was because of the circumstances of his business.

The Bradt Distribution Service was a delivery and transporter service of goods, services, and information. It was a highly efficient, effective, and robust company with reasonable prices and greater market permeation than any other company in the industry in East Panama, allowing it to develop an unshakeable oligopoly in the sector.

However, by the very nature of his sector, he needed to be connected.

He needed to be connected to the entire world.

The more enemies he had outside of the Shionel Confederation, the fewer places he could extend his services to and through. The less reliable his services would become, the smaller market share he would have.

If he joined the Kandrian Empire, he would be making an enemy of three Sage-level powerhouses and, consequently, their allies. This represented an immense portion of his market share that he would lose the second he allied with the Kandrian Empire.

It was a devastating loss that meant sacrificing most of his life's work.

Under this consideration, under ordinary circumstances, he would have sided with the alliance without a doubt. Ideally, he would love to be neutral as he normally would have been able to as a merchant, but this war was clearly very different from all those that came before. The stakes were astronomically higher and one side was trying to annihilate the other as a matter of its true goal. The alliance, in particular, would not tolerate neutrality.

In these circumstances, he still would have chosen the alliance bitterly. It was painful to lose access to the Kandrian domain of influence as a market, but it was less painful than losing the markets under the influence of the three other Sage-level powerhouses.

However, he found himself paralyzed when he thought about becoming the enemy of the Kandrian Empire. The tantalizing miracles they offered made even him pause, frozen in shock.

On top of that, he had an extremely high opinion of the strategic and tactical genius of the Emperor of Harmony and his son. Together, the two of them inspired a lot of confidence in others.

"However, their opponent is none other than Prime Minister Edward himself..." Guildmaster Bradt's tone was severe. "On top of that, he has managed to gain strategic control of the entire alliance by brilliantly leveraging their weaknesses and vulnerabilities that he had been waiting for."

He was not a man one picked a fight with.

Another variable that complicated his considerations even more was the fact that he still had

a favor to claim from Rui. Learning that Rui could trigger breakthroughs was the ultimate validation of his sharp instinct to not claim his favor from him too early. He could now leverage that favor to break some of his Seniors to the Master Realm.

However, if he became their enemy, he was not sure that he could do it, at the very least, he doubted that Rui would fulfill his promise when the time came.

Thus, he was stuck in a muck of considerations.Nôv(el)B\\jnn

Something needed to change for him to finally make up his mind.



Chapter 2306 Adaptive Evolution Chamber



Time passed as Rui immersed himself in the projects relating to the Water Sect in the manifold. Simultaneously, he kept Charles Diviliers in the loop and ensured that the training resources that he had begun the design process on were in line with his intentions.

He had used his authority over the manifold to arrange a suitable working space for the design teams that Charles decided to personally lead. Diviliers Industries, under the authorization of the Minister of Commerce and Industry, shifted a large number of design terminal artifacts into the manifold, creating a makeshift lab where they could work in peace.

Rui grew rather fascinated by how these design teams used two-dimensional projections on a flat surface that could track their motion and their actions and respond to them. The technology resembled computer-aided design from Earth in many ways.

The team had immediately begun working on a preliminary iteration of the projects after Rui had given them a more fleshed out framework of training regimes that his sect needed to provide.

Much to Rui's surprise, Charles himself led the projects after he heard Rui's descriptions and began rapidly conjuring draft after draft for different kinds of training resources.

"This is not going to be easy," Charles admitted. "Creating training resources that can measure the amount of adaptive evolution in things like hypnosis and domain bending is… tricky, to say the least."

Rui winced, nodding. "I think the easiest way to create training resources will be for physical adaptive evolution, so let's start with that. My idea is rather simple: I want to create a training environment that will continuously and alternatingly pressure the user in a variety of different ways, challenging different physical parameters. The user will have to endure and resist being knocked out without using any active techniques and will only be able to rely on physical adaptive evolution to adaptively evolve to their environments at that given moment time. The kind of pressure will keep changing, requiring them to correctly recognize what is the best way to alter their body and do so in time."

Charles fell into thought. "When you say pressures, you mean artificial circumstances that are best solved by either strength, speed, or durability, correct?"

Rui nodded. "For example, you can have them chased by fast beasts or monsters that have great speed and agility and exceed their ability to endure. Therefore, the best option is speed. Or perhaps cause changes in the atmosphere that require them to use more force to survive. Alternatively, you can increase the amount of atmospheric pressure pushing down on them, thereby requiring them to enhance their durability. You can even have circumstances that require a combination of these at higher levels."

In other words, Martial Artists of the Water Sect who mastered the Gatekeeper's blood flow manipulation technique could train their Adaptive Evolution with it through raw experience. By learning how to best alter their Body under different circumstances, they would be able to inculcate a powerful intuition that would allow them to make the correct choices under different circumstances.

"Hm…" Charles Diviliers whipped up his first preliminary draft on the matter. "Something like this?"

He showed Rui a large colosseum-like structure that was completely closed off, with vast amounts of empty sections marked for broad esoteric technological systems. At the center of the colosseum-like structure was a figure representing a Martial Artist training.

Below the designs were several graphs that outlined varying speed, strength, and durability challenges over time. The constant change in the most optimal parameters would serve as a great challenge for Martial Artists training in the Gatekeeper's techniques.

On top of that, Charles highlighted the different sub-categories within the challenges. It wasn't enough to have just one way to pressure different parameters of any given Martial Artist; if there wasn't diversity in the challenges that the training environment threw at the Martial Artist, then they would get used to the simplicity of the task very early.

Thus, the end outcome needed to be a massive, highly complex, and sophisticated training environment that would be able to deliver an enormous amount of pressure and diversity for it to truly serve as a way of training physical Adaptive Evolution. And from the looks of the vast amount of empty space in the preliminary design drafts, it was clearly shaping up to be a monster of a project.

It was a deeply ambitious undertaking.

"It's perfect…!" Rui grinned. "This is exactly the kind of training resource that I envisioned when I came up with this technique project."

It essentially functioned as an enormous training domain that was the technological equivalent of his own Yggdrasil System in some ways. Yet, unlike Rui's mastery of the Yggdrasil System, which cost no capital whatsoever, this training resource was going to cost him billions of gold coins.

It also reminded him of the enormous advantages that Martial Arts had over esoteric technology. What the latter required immense resources to do, the former could do with negligible expenses.

Yet, in this case, Rui would still most certainly opt for the technological solution since he couldn't afford to waste time serving as a training tool in the Water Sect forever. He needed the members of the sect to be able to train while he was away fighting the war for allies in different countries.

"Let's move on to the other drafts," Rui suggested. "We need to get past the design phase of the projects as soon as possible."

One by one, Rui and Charles explored the different types of training that Rui sought to inculcate in his Water Sect. The latter deftly produced preliminary drafts that manifested Rui's visions for the training resources he sought.

It wasn't long before many different projects had been put in place, targeted to be completed in the span of fourteen months, which was one month in the real world outside the manifold. n/o/vel/b//in dot c//om

Rui did not want to delay his departure from the Kandrian Empire for too much longer than that. -



Chapter 2307 Dynamics of the War\



A month passed in the real world.

Unsurprisingly, not a lot happened during that time. The war for allies steadily continued to escalate as a few of the nations in question began signaling their intentions to favor one side over the other. Of course, these happened to be nations that were too deep in the domain of influence of one side to realistically side with the other. It was just too difficult for either side to be able to convince the enemy's neighbors to join them. Thus, the biggest focus was on the majority of nations that weren't so deeply connected with either side that they would be forced to go with that side regardless of what they wanted. While negotiations with undecided nations continued aggressively, the East Panamic Treaty Alliance continued to wage war on the allies of the Kandrian Empire.

Meanwhile, the Kandrian Empire rose to protect them. The only point of assault that the Kandrian Empire mounted was the joint military and Martial base in the closest enemy kingdom allied with the alliance. Unlike the alliance, the Kandrian Empire couldn't afford an extravagant strategy of attacking all its enemies' allies.

Nonetheless, the war escalated.

It had yet to escalate to the intensity of an all-out war, with both sides deploying all their Martial Sages. However, with each passing month, it intensified as one side or the other deployed more Martial capital than last time. And yet it was not a surprise that the East Panamic Treaty Alliance was unwilling to escalate the war to a full-blown Sage-level war. After all, the point of the war for allies was to borrow as much possible Martial capital from as many different forces as possible so that the gap between the alliance and the Kandrian Empire would only continue rising to the point where they could destroy the Kandrian Empire without suffering too many losses.

Until the alliance gained the ability to take down the Kandrian Empire without a pyrrhic victory, they could not afford a full-blown war in the war for allies.

This was an advantage that worked in the Kandrian Empire's favor, as Emperor Rael would rather not even give them the opportunity to wait until they gained all the power. Another advantage that he held was that the Kandrian Empire didn't need to win more allies than the alliance.

Just winning as many would be enough.

After all, the Kandrian Empire's goal in this war was merely to last without suffering too much damage in the long run. Thus, as long as they could gain as many allies as the alliance, they could ensure that the alliance would not be able to gain as many allies as they needed to overwhelm the Kandrian Empire without a devastating pyrrhic victory.

On the other hand, the alliance had the advantage of being on the offensive and utilizing the stick to deter potential allies from joining the Kandrian Empire. While the Emperor of Harmony had counteracted this move with immense benefits in the form of resources and breakthroughs, ultimately, there was too much at stake for nations to be easily moved by the carrot when an enormous stick threatened to annihilate them. Another advantage that the alliance had was the fact that they were just more often than not the favorite to win.

While nations were certainly moved by the carrot and the stick, they also looked at the prospects of victory for each side that they could potentially ally with. And more often than not, most people would give the edge to the alliance.

They just had more Martial Artists than the Kandrian Empire in total in almost all Realms. On top of that, though the Kandrian Empire soundly beat back the Sekigahara Confederate despite the pressure that they sustained, many people were just inherently inclined towards the commonly held wisdom that one powerhouse could not fight three powerhouses and come away victorious.

And when it became increasingly clear that the Esocline Federation was not an active participant in the war like the four main participants were, the Kandrian Empire seemed less secure in the eyes of many people. Of course, the only reason that it was a contest at all was that the Kandrian Empire did prove its superiority to the Sekigahara Confederate without even tiniest shred of a doubt.

Of course, both the Emperor of Harmony and the Britannian Prime Minister had long foreseen these dynamics and played their hand accordingly.

They each had prepared trump cards that were designed to push the long and grueling war in their favor. They had each prepared solutions for the deadlocks that occurred when it came to undecided Sage-level nations that seemed to have a particularly hard time choosing between the alliance and the Kandrian Empire.

One of them was the Shionel Confederation. Nôv(el)B\\jnn

This was one of the largest chess pieces on the table, with a whopping two Martial Sages on retainer. Both the alliance and the Kandrian Empire were determined to claim this potential ally for themselves, and whoever succeeded would be much closer to achieving their goals than before.

Unbeknownst to others, however, Emperor Rael was quite confident that he could nail the Shionel Confederation as an ally. He just needed to be patient; he needed to be patient for Rui to be done with creating the foundations of his new sect.

He understood enough about the circumstances of his son's progress as a Martial Artist to know that the sect was also a means to help him progress to the Sage Realm. Only after his son had completed all his work would he be available. His progression to the Sage Realm was more important to him than anything else in the world. He would resent his father if he dared to force him to abandon his work for the sake of the Kandrian Empire after everything that he had already done.

Emperor Rael did not pressure him into finishing his work any sooner than he needed to. There was no point in doing so when they had the manifold. "…I just need to wait." Emperor Rael closed his eyes.

-



Chapter 2308: Exciting Possibilties

﻿

In the past fourteen months in the manifold, Rui completed everything that he had set out to complete. He created a course that would thoroughly expose Martial Artists of the Water Sect to the concept of Adaptive Evolution.

A philosophical foundation would allow them to utilize other fields and apply them to adaptive evolution.

He actually considered it one of the most important things that he could impart to them if their goal was to pursue Adaptive Evolution.Nôv(el)B\\jnn

He also created guidelines and rules of thumb that, when mastered, would allow Martial Artists to take a systematic approach to the development of new techniques. Starting from laying out the desired objective with extreme clarity and establishing the conditions that needed to be fulfilled to achieve said objective.

He sought to impart to them the methodology of how to conduct research into unknown territory and how to make progress, teaching them the Martial equivalent of the scientific method.

Once they mastered this, their ability to modify and create their own techniques would increase, and they would be able to imbue individuality in their Martial Art much more easily than before.

It wasn't easy creating foundations for the various sub-fields of Adaptive Evolution that he had already created for his Martial Art.

However, he managed to do so.

He began by creating highly flexible and general introductions to the core principles of fields like hypnosis and domains. With the philosophical foundation that he would have imparted them with, they were more than qualified to explore the fields themselves and slowly learn to apply them for the sake of Adaptive Evolution in a manner that was compatible with their strengths and Martial Art.

He even came up with a more general introduction to thought techniques like the voidlet techniques for Martial Artists who were inclined to thought and were capable of greater cognitive burdens.

He was sure that he would get some Martial Artists like K'Mala, who had simply needed a single push to get her to break through to the Master Realm ten years later. Looking at her, he couldn't help but wonder how many Martial Artists were out there with untapped potential when it came to thought techniques.

Considering that Adaptive Evolution was one of the core elements of Martial Minds, he would be deeply foolish to not offer a good foundation in this regard. He even created material that would allow Martial Artists to learn and practically apply statistics to Martial Art.

These were all good enough to serve as preliminary foundational materials that the Water Sect would offer to its Martial Artists. The Diviliers team kept up with his very desires, ensuring that the designs of the various training resources that he had commissioned met his expectations.

However much to his surprise, it wasn't the thought techniques that interested him the most.

No.

In his case, the sub-field that interested him the most was actually physical Adaptive Evolution.

The Gatekeeper's technique was absolutely perfect for his needs.

The man had shrewdly understood exactly what Rui required and why he had come to him in particular and had given him exactly what he needed.

So much so that Rui's fascination for the technique grew beyond just its role in the Water Sect.

The technique adjusted the physical configuration of the Body by supplying more blood to some parts of the Body while supplying less blood to other parts. The parts of the Body that received more blood performed better due to access to more oxygen and nutrients, while the parts that received less blood performed worse.

It did this by applying higher internal pressure through the muscular system of the Body. If more pressure was applied to the arteries and veins on one side of the Body than the other, then by the very nature of fluid dynamics, the side with lower pressure would receive more blood.

It was a fascinating mechanism that allowed the technique to serve as a lesser version of the Metabody System, and more importantly, it showed Rui possibilities that he had never considered before.

"Can I increase the performance of my brain using this technique?"

It was an almost insane question.

Yet, Rui was unable to dismiss it.

The idea he had arrived at in his mind was rather simple.

More blood meant more oxygen, more nutrients, and a quicker waste disposal system, which in turn meant much better performance. Then surely, the same thing could also be applied to the brain.

He would need to find a way to reduce the pressure on his brain while increasing the pressure on the arteries and veins in the rest of his Body. But if he could do that, he could find a way to increase the amount of blood flow to his brain, thereby increasing the performance of his mind and Martial Mind.

Of course, that understated the risks of the matter. He would need to be exceedingly cautious.

It was his brain, after all.

There wasn't a more fragile and delicate organ.

Certainly, no other organ is more important.

"I'll need to consult the Divine Doctor on the matter."

It was too risky for Rui to get into matters relating to the brain without adequate safety. Even the slightest mistake could get him killed or turn him into a vegetable.

Ordinarily, these risks were too high.

However, the prospect of enhancing his greatest asset, his brain, was something that he was unable to resist. It was a deeply tantalizing possibility that he felt the urge to immediately jump in.

His raw talent for Martial Art, the kind that Kane and Ieyasu had, was average. It was his mind that made him special; the memories he had inherited and the second cognitive boom of an adult mind were the reasons that he was one of the most extraordinary Martial Artists that the Age of Martial Art had ever seen.

What would he be capable of if he could enhance his greatest asset?

What would he be capable of if he created a Mind Metabody?



Chapter 2309: Adaptively Evolving to War

﻿

Once the idea was planted into his head, it was impossible to get rid of. It bloomed into a full- blown plan that refused to allow him to focus his attention in any other direction. It

demanded his full attention.

He could not do anything else until he got to the bottom of this idea.

Suddenly, all his determination to rush to a battlefield melted away as an even stronger desire took the initiative.

"Thank god for the manifold."

Without it, he wouldn't have been able to have his cake and eat it.

It was now possible for him to train a new technique before he headed out to the battlefield to reinforce an ally.

Wars lasted years. An additional month of waiting was not going to deprive him of the most important parts of the war, nor was it going to make a major difference in the experience that he would be gaining from the battle against the alliance.

"I have time for an additional technique project in the manifold," he realized.

He was confident that he could achieve the goal in the span of fourteen months, especially when he could consult people who were experts in the field in which he was going to create his new Metabody technique.

The Gatekeeper had created the technique, of course. Thus, his input on the matter was vital. Another person that Rui was resolved to get input from was the Divine Doctor. Perhaps he could have the man's medical supervision when testing out the most risky and dangerous parts of the training exercises.

The addition of a new Metabody technique represented an improvement to the system. While he had made it more powerful after he broke through to the Master Realm, that was more due to the fact that he upgraded his stamina in general.

This, however, represented an expansion of the system rather than a fundamental general improvement.

There were many benefits to additional brain function beyond just improving his greatest asset. For one, this Metabody System was most useful when he was in the circumstances with an overload of information.

He had recently been in such a circumstance.

War.

One-on-one, Rui had absolutely no problem abusing the VOID algorithm, the SOUL System, the Angel of Laplace, the Tree of Life, and the ODA System, as well as all of his hypnosis simultaneously without even the slightest shred of mental strain.Nôv(el)B\\jnn

However, what if he faced two opponents?

Or three?

Or a whole group?

It became difficult to run these highly data-intensive systems of thought for many Masters at the same time.

Rui recalled how he had almost died on the battlefield just due to the fact that his mind was flooded with information. He desired the ability to be able to better process such circumstances more than anything. Although he had done a good job with diversifying the technique systems in his Martial Art, his strong suit was still thought.

It was about time that he was able to empower his capacity for thought significantly. He had been operating at base-level capacity for quite some time, and although his Martial Mind was powerful, it was not enough in highly mentally intensive circumstances.

"And since I know that I'm going to be subjecting myself to highly mentally intensive situations, then..." his eyes narrowed, "it's worth it to be able to mitigate that burden."

This was especially the case when he knew that his enemies wanted to kill him at all costs. He needed to be able to react quicker and better in times of distress, or he would end up getting himself killed. There was no better way to adaptively evolve to the chaos of war than to gain the mental power to see through it all.

He immediately began piecing together a technique framework around his newest idea for a technique. Thankfully, despite being a rather novel idea, both the technique principle and end goal were already decided.

By regulating internal pressures in different parts of his body, he could redirect blood flow to any specific part of his body-in this case, the brain-and improve its performance. In this case, almost the entirety of the technique framework already existed, requiring very little input.

This was perhaps not the most individualistic project that he had set out on, but considering the sheer number of techniques that he was prone to creating from scratch, it was not that big a deal. He hadn't forgotten that modification was one of the more common forms of imbuing one's Martial Art-it wasn't bad for him to indulge in it every once in a while.

Every once in a while, there was a technique that was truly suitable for him even though he hadn't created it himself. All they required was basic finetuning for his needs.

"In this case, though, it requires more than just basic work." He frowned.

The biggest challenge of this technique project was technique safety.

If he could guarantee that it was as good as a success.

In turn, it meant that the safety hurdle was truly hard to overcome. If anything was even minutely off-track, it could mean permanent brain injuries.

The brain was the hardest part of the body to heal; neuron tissue was the most difficult because neuron tissue did not possess inherent regeneration capabilities. On top of that, even if tissue could be regenerated, the underlying information it had couldn't be. It was one thing if they were in a controlled procedure like the Squire evolution process, but if he was just using a technique in battle, then any mistake could be damning.

He needed to ensure that he mitigated every ounce of risk before he began using it. If he were to rely on himself, he was sure that he could figure something out in the long run that would allow him to overcome these risks.

However, he didn't need to figure it out by himself, not when he had people he could rely on to help him solve this hurdle.



