Chapter 2000 He Stood

﻿﻿RUMBLE!!!

The world shook.

At that moment, every lifeform native to the dungeon felt a single emotion in its highest, unadulterated form.

Primordial fear.

Tranced or otherwise, they could feel it in their bones.

They could feel the eminent clash between two unstoppable forces. Forces that may as well have been calamities of nature.

Unfortunately, they were not wrong.

The moment came sooner than Rui could have ever expected.

From within the depths of the core of the dungeon, he saw it.

He saw the objective of his operation.

He saw what he had dedicated the past two years to overcome.

He saw the Master-level beast that guarded the core of the Mellow Dungeon.

And it evoked a single emotion from within the depths of his heart.

Horror.

Pure, unadulterated horror.

It was a monster.

A true monster.

It was an amalgamation of every monster nightmare, every monster drawing a child had ever drawn, every visual manifestation of the concept of a monster.

It was worse than them all.

It had multiple heads.

A dragon, an angel, and a phoenix.

Its body appeared to be a hybrid fusion of countless creatures. It contained both the scales and the feathers of a phoenix and a total of six pairs of wings: four angel wings, a pair of dragon and phoenix wings each.

It was as though someone had butchered various lifeforms and then tried to mash them into a single creature.

Its very appearance evoked horror in the hearts of all living beings that beheld its grotesque, monstrous form.

It was a monster.

The monster.

The enlightenment of the Tree of Life helped him understand exactly what he was looking at.

"A chimera...!" A horrified whisper escaped Rui.

Chimeras.

These were a particularly abominable species within the Tree of Life of Gaia. It was a species characterized by its most prominent genetic ability to absorb its prey alive and integrate it into its body. It was considered to be an apex predator species that, like all apex species, was able to undergo self-evolution as a lifeform.

In the case of this particular species, it simply did so by integrating desirable parts and portions of any creature that it consumed while carefully ensuring that its prey never actually medically died. Furthermore, it didn't directly take control of the assimilated and integrated parts of its prey into its own nervous system.

No.

The truth was a lot more horrifying.

It consumed its prey alive, never letting it die while preserving its brain and nervous system to use as an interface to control the body parts it integrated into its body. The brain of the chimera species contained a neuroparasytical lobe that extended into the prefrontal cortex of its prey's brain to gain manual control over the consumed prey.

In other words, it controlled the brains of its prey to control their bodies inside its own body. A disgusting, grotesque brain control network that made use of its prey's mind, experience, and muscle memory.

Yet, despite its horrifying ability to usurp the minds of the disjointed prey alive inside its body, a single truth had become clear to Rui the moment he bore witness to the creature that emerged from the core of the dungeon on the other side of the planetoid.

"...It's in a trance." A horrified voice escaped him. "The chimera and all the life forms integrated into its body are all under a trance of the dungeon!"

The puppeteer had been reduced to a puppet.

Horrifyingly poetic, it didn't bode well for Rui.

The various eyes of the heads of the chimera turned toward the source of danger. Their pupils dilated as the creature identified the threat to the dungeon that it was dispatched to eliminate.

RUMBLE!!!

The world shuddered as heaven and earth screamed in pain. With a single leap, the monstrous horror reached the other side of the dungeon as its powerful wings propelled it at an unfathomable speed, crossing a hundred kilometers in the blink of an eye.

In just a moment, it had arrived at Rui's location.

A horrifying cacophonic roar sent shudders down every life form in the entirety of the dungeon, evoking despair in the hearts of all those who heard its cry of bloodlust.

A blood-curdling tsunami of horrifying peril erupted from the chimera, washing over all living beings in the dungeon, paralyzing them with horror and fear.

Not Rui.

While the biosphere of the Mellow Dungeon crumpled with fear and despair, his heart surged with will and drive as boundless determination radiated from within him.

Within the depths of his pitch-black eyes stirred an endless darkness.

A void.

One that consumed everything that it beheld.

"Come." His tone was chilling.

It obliged.

WHOOOOOOOOOOOOSSSHHHH!!!!!

With a single flap of its angel wings, a mighty tornado was conjured—one with the power to level a mountain range. A calamity with the catastrophic power was spawned with minimal effort.

WHOOOOOOOOOOOOSSSHHHH!!!!!

With a second flap of its angel wings, the titanic attack surged towards Rui at the speed of lightning. An attack more powerful than anything Rui had ever experienced flashed towards him.

It threatened to erase him.

BOOOOOOOOOOOOOMMMMM!!!!!

In that moment, the world may as well have died.

At that moment, heaven and earth screamed in pain as the chimera effortlessly inflicted a horrifying wound on it.

The tornado, which gouged a crater thirty kilometers deep and wide, triggered an unprecedented tsunami that crashed into the Mellow Dungeon, threatening to wipe out all life in the blink of an eye.

Countless creatures died instantly.

The sum totality of the aquatic ecosystem of the Mellow Lake inside the Mellow Manifold died.

It died on the spot.

No living being in the dungeon could survive its horrifying might.

No life form in the dungeon could resist its horrifying might.

Or, so it thought.

Yet, there he stood.

There he stood, within the depths of the abyss. Within the depths of the abyss birthed by the creature's horrifying power, he stood.

Countless wounds littered his body.

Yet, he smiled.

He stared a horror among horrors in the eye.

Yet, a wild grin emerged on his face, brimming with endless excitement.

At the bottom of the abyss, he stood grinning as he took his signature stance.

"What's the matter? Is that the best you can do?"

-



Chapter 2001 Charging Attack

﻿﻿Rui had never felt more alive.

He had never felt more alive than he did at the very moment the chimera's attack struck him.

WHOOOOOOOOOOOOSSSHHHH!!!!!

It was the first attack of the battle.

An attack he foresaw.

A future he foresaw.

He had never applied the SOUL System to the chimera.

Yet, he didn't need to.

At that moment, he was not fighting the chimera.

No.

He was fighting an angel. He was fighting a species for which he had already created a SOUL model and predictive model.

He foresaw the attack a whole second before it arrived.

Not a lot of time for a human, no, but it may as well have been an eternity for a Martial Senior.

An eternity of preparation.

Preparation to survive the most horrifying attack he had ever been struck with.

Before the attack emerged, he had adjusted his entire position, carefully sculpting it to within a micrometer of accuracy to the most optimal position. Nemean Blossom bloomed in all its glory and might, cladding him in powerful armor.

When the attack arrived, his timing was nearly flawless. He gracefully intercepted the sum totality of wind attack allowing the astronomical power to flow through his body, before dispersing into the lands beneath his feet.

BOOOOOOOOOOOOOMMMMM!!!!!

The sheer devastation that the horrifying power of the chimera gouged an abyss dozens of kilometers deep and wide as an unfathomable amount of water and land were displaced in a heartbeat.

RUMBLE!!!

An astronomical amount of seismic radiation spread from across the point of contact ravaging the entire manifold. An entire chunk of the biosphere of the Mellow Manifold perished under the devastation from a single attack.

Rui's Flux Earther dispersion had been almost flawless. He had almost perfectly dispersed every ounce of the horrifying power of the chimera, achieving a whopping ninety-nine percent efficiency and success rate.

Yet, the chimera was so devastatingly powerful that even a single percentage of its astronomical power exceeded Nemean Blossom.

SPLAT SPLAT SPLAT

Countless small wounds opened up across the entirety of his body as a cost.

This was the cost of even a minute amount of failure.

Yet, he was alive.

He was more than alive.

He felt more alive than he had ever felt in the entirety of his life.

At the bottom of the abyss, he stood grinning as he took his signature stance.

"What's the matter? Is that the best you can do?"

For a moment, the chimera simply beheld him.

In its countless years in the dungeon, it had never once come across an organism that could even survive its power.

Yet, Rui did more than survive.

He resisted.

And he came back for more.

The Chimera answered his question with a simple flap of all of its wings.

WHOOOOOOOOOOOOSSSHHHH!!!!!

WHOOOOOOOOOOOOSSSHHHH!!!!!

WHOOOOOOOOOOOOSSSHHHH!!!!!

Rui's expression grew grave as three tornados formed at once, surging toward him even faster than the previous one did!

BOOOOOOOOOOOOOMMMMM!!!!!

BOOOOOOOOOOOOOMMMMM!!!!!

BOOOOOOOOOOOOOMMMMM!!!!!

Three gigantic collisions ensued, shattering the world with even greater devastation than it had before. Pure destruction emerged from them, spreading across the entirety of the dungeon.

Yet, amidst all the chaos and destruction that ensued, a chilling whisper emerged from Rui.

"Muspelheim."

RUMBLE!!!

Armed with the power that he absorbed from the creature, Rui executed the most powerful technique he had ever created in his entire life. The convection from his hyper-

heated breath, Heavenly Convergence heated the domain through pressure-heating.

Most importantly, the power of the tornados that he absorbed was used for acoustic conduction, heating up the entire domain to an unimaginable degree.

The air crackled with plasma as the high temperatures ionized the gases in the atmosphere. The land grew molten before turning into an ocean of white-hot lava. In an instant, the world had truly become Muspelheim itself.

The chimera shuddered uncomfortably as an intense sphere of heat around Rui enveloped it. It flapped its wings with tremendous power, seeking to bury Rui in countless tornados.

WHOOOOOOOOOOOOSSSHHHH!!!!!

A tornado larger than anything Rui had ever seen before was spawned. Its sheer size was so great, that it stretched across the entire manifold planetoid. A second flap of the wings caused it to surge towards Rui at astronomical speeds.

A tornado so powerful that it undoubtedly would have erased Rui had it touched him.

Yet—

WHOOSH

The tornado dispelled before it could reach Rui, never so much as touching him.

Confusion overcame the chimera.

It didn't understand.

It didn't that tornados, which were comprised of wind currents born from pressure and temperature gradients, could not exist in Muspelheim. The sheer temperature of Muspelheim erased the atmospheric conditions needed to give birth to these wind currents.

Rui had chosen Muspelheim for this very reason, to negate the angel's heaven-bending. High temperatures resulted in extremely excited gas molecules in the atmosphere. These were extremely difficult to control. The increased difficulty resulted in increased difficulty for heaven-bending.

Muspelheim was a domain that was antithetical to angels.

Yet, before Rui could even brag, the chimera accepted his challenge. The dragon and phoenix heads stirred before opening their mouths.

Rui froze in horror as an enormous inferno greater than anything erupted from within the two mouths.

WHOOOOOOOOOOOOSSSHHHH!!!!!

The inferno spread far and wide in an instant. In just a moment, it produced heat that dwarfed the Muspelheim domain, bathing half the manifold in a fire wave, unlike anything the dungeon had ever suffered.

Yet—

"Niflheim!"

A freezing-cold domain of ice and frost emerged from Rui, desperately trying to protect its user from the heat of the chimera. But alas, this time, Rui paid the price in full.

"Rrrrrghjhhh!!!" He gritted his teeth as his entire body burned. He quickly shifted from Nemean Blossom to Weaving Blood. If not for the fact that the power of the inferno was spread across an entire area, Rui would have undoubtedly died then and there.

Yet, the chimera was not done.

It surged forward towards Rui at blinding speeds, threatening to end him once and for all!

-



Chapter 2002 A Single Minute

﻿﻿The charge of the Master-level beast into close-range combat marked a shift in the battle. The first phase of the battle had ended within thirty seconds of commencement. It ended the moment a significant realization dawned on it.

The realization that it could not kill its target with low effort.

That its opponent was not weak.

That he wouldn't simply perish with little exertion.

That was all that this had been.

Little exertion.

The creature rushed against Rui with blinding speed and astronomical momentum, charging at him with full power as the jaws of the dragon and phoenix rushed to gobble him up in a single rush.

In just the briefest of moments, it had arrived before Rui could even react.

WHOOSH

Rui barely avoided the attack within an inch of his life as the creature crashed into an empty feint.

BOOOOOOOOOMMM!!!!

A collision larger than anything he had ever beheld in his entire life erupted as the devastating momentum of the creature ravaged the Mellow Manifold even further. Even the mere aftereffects of the horrifying power of the Master-level Beast possessed the ability to wipe out all life in the Mellow Dungeon.

Yet, the eyes of the chimera never shifted away from Rui.

Not once.

Its bloodlusted, tranced gaze bore into Rui even as its mighty tail flung itself at him with an astronomical velocity, threatening to erase him with a single blow.

WHOOSH

Shivers crawled across his skin as he barely managed to get out of the way a mere microsecond before it struck him, surviving by the skin of his teeth.

Yet, the chimera was just getting started.

The dragon and phoenix heads unleashed a tsunami of an inferno as white-hot flames expanded at speeds that beggared the mind.

"Niflheim." Rui bore the pain of being burned without so much twitching.

Not only did Niflheim dull the worst of the fire attack, but the heat conditioning that he sustained during the training made him even more resistant to it. He was grateful he made sure to gain passive mastery of the two domains.

He'd have died very quickly had he not.

Weaving Blood surged to rapidly heal his burned flesh as he leaped away from the inferno, rushing away at top speed.

Yet, the chimera was vastly faster.

Rui's eyes widened as a blindingly fast tail whip surged toward him at extraordinary speeds, its size leaving him with no room for escape.

BOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOMMMMMM!!!!!

Rui gritted his teeth, barely having pre-emptively prepared a Flux Earther to disperse the blow.

It was insufficient.

CRACK!

He felt a sharp pain in his broken forearm as he failed to disperse the power properly. The mistake cost him a cleanly broken arm.

Yet, it was not in vain.

WHOOOSH!

Suddenly, the environment cooled as the thermoacoustic cooling, powered by the chimera itself, began taking effect. The enormous amount of power that the chimera essentially poured into Rui's Niflheim caused the temperature to plummet far faster than Rui could ever do so with his own power.

The chimera shuddered as the flames of its phoenix feather dimmed. Hot environments were the most optimal environment for phoenixes and most dragons. These creatures had evolved to have extremely high internal temperatures for healthy survival. Hot environments allowed them to maintain their high internal heat easily.

And that was precisely why Rui had opted to go for Niflheim. It had turned out to be the most antithetical environment against this particular chimera. It was the most confounding creature he had laid his eyes on.

The enlightenment of the Tree of Life was unable to easily discern what environment was most antithetical to the chimera because it was a hybrid fusion of multiple entirely different species.

However, it showed him the most antithetical domains for each of the three individual species integrated into the chimera. Two of them had evolved for hot environments, and only one of them had evolved for cold environments. It was a shame that there was no one temperature antithetical to all of its being, but alas, he could only choose the lesser of two evils.

That lesser evil was Niflheim, greatly antithetical to the dragon and phoenix sections of the chimera's body.

The effects were almost instantly visible due to just how antithetical they were. The dragon's scales, meant for heat resistance rather than cold resistance, grew more brittle as they lowered in temperature while the phoenix's flames grew even dimmer.

The monster was clearly displeased.

Yet, its displeasure didn't bode well for Rui.

It was a Master

It possessed the power to rewrite heaven and earth as a Master-level creature.

And that was exactly what it sought to do as its body shook with power, preparing the most powerful fireball that it could muster up.

RUMBLE

The dragon and phoenix opened their mouths to unleash the most powerful inferno of the batt—

"Breathing Crucifix."

What was shaping up to be a horrifying roar of a fire attack partially morphed into a cough as Rui timed the psychological shackle on breathing at precisely the right moment.

Unfortunately, he was dealing with a Master-level beast.

BOOOOOOOOOOOOOMMMMMMMMM!!!!!!

He gritted his teeth gravely as a horrifying wave of heating destruction erupted from the creature. The fire expanded, spreading across the entire manifold at a speed that beggared the mind. In an instant, all the water had evaporated. A vast amount of fauna and flora had been vaporized. In an instant, it birthed an enormous crater larger than any other Rui had ever seen.

Such was the horrifying power of a Master-level beast.

Yet, despite the titanic show of power, its eyes flared with rage and fury.

He was still standing.

The combination of his Muspelheim conditioning, Niflheim, Adamant Reforging, and Nemean Blossom were the sole reasons he hadn't been vaporized. Yet, he would have been reduced to ash, nonetheless, had he faced the full power of the heat focused on him rather than diluted over an enormous area.

Yet, even a fraction of a Master-level beast's power left him ravaged

SSSSSS…

His flesh was burned, bruised, and wounded while his bones were broken.

Yet, he was still standing.

A single minute had passed since the inception of the battle.

-



Chapter 2003 Declining Condition

﻿﻿SSSSSS…

The Metabody System grew disabled after Weaving Blood healed Rui one final time with the last ounce of power it had.

It had served him well.

Without Nemean Blossom and Weaving Blood, he would have died in the very first attack that the chimera had unleashed on him. These techniques were attack-limited rather than time-limited. The more attacks one endured, the quicker Weaving Blood and Nemean Blossom depleted.

Yet, in the thirteen years since he developed the Metabody System, not once had the Metabody System been depleted within a single minute.

Not even the Gatekeeper had come anywhere close to depleting it within such an absurdly short timeframe.

Yet, against the chimera, it depleted at an extraordinarily astonishing rate.

Such was the horrifying power of a Master-level beast.

Despite the massive preparations and growth he had made to fight the monster, he was still forced to become overreliant on the Metabody System to survive.

And now, it was gone.

The physical Adaptive Evolution that served as a crutch was now gone.

Yet, the chimera's displeasure only mounted.

What was supposed to be an effortless operation to crush a threat perceived by the dungeon was shaping up to be an annoying battle against a creature with a tenacity that made cockroaches blush.

It sought to end this quickly.

And that was exactly what it moved to do.

RUMBLE!!!

The world shook violently as the Master-level beast threw a titanic blow at Rui. The sheer momentum of the blow rose to even greater heights as the creature's wings propelled its claws forward. Its gigantic hybrid arm flew at Rui at astronomical speeds, tearing through heaven with horrifying power.

Rui could have chosen to avoid it.

It was an extremely attractive option. Without Nemean Blossom and Weaving Blood, taking the attack head-on was almost suicidal.

Yet, Rui chose to take it head-on.

His eyes flashed with determination as an attack with terrifying power crashed into him.

BOOOOOOOOOOOOOOMMMMMMMM!!!!!

The resulting collision shattered the very fabric of heaven and earth.

A devastating collision gouged an enormous crater that consumed half the Mellow planetoid. The resulting seismic radiation reverberated through the very fabric of the microcosm that contained them.

Yet, the rage and fury of the chimera only rose when it beheld Rui standing.

He stood.

His body ravaged with broken bones and wounded flesh.

Yet—

"Niflheim." His whisper was chilling.

WHOOOOOSH!!!

The realm of frost and ice returned with a horrifying cold that exceeded any Niflheim that Rui had ever produced before. A domain powered by the full power of a Master-level beast. It was a feat that he paid the price with a ravaged body.

Yet, it was worth it.

The Chimera's eyes flared with monstrous bloodlust as vengeful rage and fury overtook it.

RUMBLE!!!

The very world quivered, shuddering with fear as the Master-level unshackled every ounce of restraint, unleashing every iota of power it was able to muster against Rui. At that moment, countless attacks converged on Rui.

Blow after blow.

Whip after whip.

Tornado after tornado.

BOOOOOOOOOOOOOOMMMMMMMM!!!!!

BOOOOOOOOOOOOOOMMMMMMMM!!!!!

BOOOOOOOOOOOOOOMMMMMMMM!!!!!

The very root of the Mellow Manifold shook as the chimera unleashed an onslaught unlike anything the Mellow Manifold had beheld. The true, unshackled might of the chimera ravaged the entirety of the Mellow Manifold, not even the core of the dungeon was safe from the horrifying power that the creature unloaded.

Yet, not a single attack struck Rui.

Tornadoes, bull rushes, blows, tail attacks.

Nothing.

Fury and frustration erupted from deep within the creature as it strained its body under the antithetical conditions of Niflheim. It was unable to make much use of its dragon and phoenix sides, and it was forced to use its angel side the most.

BOOOOOOOOOOOOOOMMMMMMMM!!!!!

It was exactly as planned.

Not only was Niflheim objectively the most antithetical to the chimera, but it also sealed away the fire breaths of the chimera.

This was an extremely important tactic.

Rui could not absorb the fire of the chimera through Flux Earther, which meant that if hit with a focused fire breath, he would die on the spot. As long as Niflheim was active, the fire-

breathing of the dragon and phoenix side were less optimal.

It was also why he had strategically chosen Breathing Crucifix.

Everything thus far had been for the sake of sealing the fire of the chimera. Thus, even if it killed, he would—

BOOOOOOOOOOOOOOMMMMMMMM!!!!!

"Niflheim."

The world grew colder even as his body broke further.

Without the protection of the Nemean Blossom and Weaving Blood, it was impossible for him to withstand the power of the chimera.

BOOOOOOOOOOOOOOMMMMMMMM!!!!!

BOOOOOOOOOOOOOOMMMMMMMM!!!!!

BOOOOOOOOOOOOOOMMMMMMMM!!!!!

Rui evaded a flurry of devastating tornadoes that ravaged nearly the entirety of the Mellow Manifold.

Yet, the passive area of effects of the tornados was omnipresent throughout the entire battlefield.

And they could not be avoided.

SPLAT SPLAT SPLAT!

Countless wounds emerged across Rui's body from countless sharp wind currents. Without the Metabody System to defend or heal him, it became increasingly difficult to sustain the battle.

His time was ticking.

Yet, the manifold had not come undone.

'Then I just need to buy more time.'

Boundless determination surged from within his heart as he pushed himself to remain in the battle despite everything.

He didn't need to hurt the chimera.

He didn't need to win.

He just needed to survive and stand on his feet.

It was far easier than winning, one would think, but only now was he realizing how absurdly difficult it was to merely survive.

"Huff…" He staggered as he narrowly managed to avoid dying from an astronomically powerful tornado blast.

BOOOOOOOOOOOOOOMMMMMMMM!!!!!

BOOOOOOOOOOOOOOMMMMMMMM!!!!!

With each passing attack, his wounds grew.

With each passing moment, his stamina depleted.

With each passing moment, he suffered more.

His body burned with pain as the countless wounds he suffered ached him continuously, struggling to be healed.

THUD

For the first time in the battle, his knee hit the ground.

The chimera smelled blood.

It rushed forth at speeds that beggared the mind, arriving at Rui with horrifying power. The most powerful attack of the battle was unleashed.

Yet, despite the raging tornadoes, the tsunamis of seismic radiation, and the horrifying destruction afoot, a single whisper reached the chimera.

"I can see your SOUL."

WHOOSH!

-



Chapter 2004 An Infinite Void

The moment Rui bore witness to the chimera at the start of the battle, countless tactics and strategies emerged within the depths of his tremendous mind.

Yet, the most important among them was centered around chimera's mind.

More importantly, its SOUL.

It was the creature's greatest weakness. The greatest weakness of the entire species. The lag between decision and action in the chimera was twice as large as it normally was.

This was because, unlike normal creatures, action did not immediately follow the decision to act. The brain of the chimera was not directly connected to most of its body. Once it made a decision, it then indirectly manipulated the minds of the angel, phoenix, and dragon to make the decision that it wanted, and only then could it move its body.

That was why the decisioning process of the chimera was twice as long: it involved two brains going through the same process one after another. It resulted in a clunky and unwieldy reaction and decisioning time.

Yet, what was a curse for the chimera was a blessing for Rui.

After all, it meant that the lag between SOUL and action was much larger, giving him twice as much time to prepare for the imminent attack than any creature of its caliber.

He recognized this the moment he beheld the monster.

A single objective formed in his mind: to complete the SOUL model on the chimera's main mind before he died. Never before had he rushed to create a SOUL model with such desperate determination.

It took him everything.

It took him everything to buy enough time.

And on the cusp of defeat, the very brink of death, he suceeded.

"I can see your SOUL."

WHOOSH

Rui narrowly evaded a thunderous charge of horrifying power.

His combat level had decreased significantly since the inception of the battle, especially with the collapse of the Metabody System. Yet the void was filled up by an even stronger force.

A quadruple SOUL model on the dragon, angel, and phoenix as well as the main SOUL of the chimera.

RUMBLE!!!

A might roar shook the devastated world that cradled them as the chimera unleashed a horrifying onslaught devastation. Countless tornados and blows converged onto Rui.

Yet, Rui foresaw each attack almost an eternity before they arrived.

WHOOSH

Each time, the chimera unleashed devastating power at Rui, and each time, Rui avoided it.

BOOOOOOOOOOMMMMM!!!

BOOOOOOOOOOMMMMM!!!

BOOOOOOOOOOMMMMM!!!

Tornado after tornado.

Blow after blow.

Charge after charge.

Yet—

WHOOSH

The empty image of Rui Quarrier Silas Kandria merely faded into thin air. It was as though he had transcended the material realm. It was as though he had ascended to an ephemeral stated of existence.

Or so he wished.

In reality—

—SPLAT SPLAT SPLAT

Countless wounds emerged across his entire body. While he was able to avoid each individual attack, massive as it was, he could not avoid the devastating shockwaves of the tremendous power that the chimera outputted each moment.

It took a toll on him.

…DRIP DRIP DRIP

Blood spilled out of several orifices in his body as his passive healing factor worked over time to clot the wounds and heal them. If not for the super-charged Niflheim reducing the chimera's power by thirty percent, it would have long annihilated him in his condition.

His eyes narrowed as he noticed an array of minute twitches, shifts in breathing, heartbeat, and perspiration.

In an instant the SOUL model supplied him with the translation.

A powerful tornado in precisely seventy-eight milliseconds. He swiftly made preparations for precisely timing a Phantom Step feint at exactly the right moment.

WHOOOOOOOOOOOSH!!!

By the time the tornado arrived at speeds exceeding lightning, he was already gone.

BOOOOOOOOOOOOOMMMMM!!!

He grimaced as the devastating shockwaves emerged from the missed collision, washing over everything.

CRACK CRACK CRACK!

His expression grew grave as multiple bones across his entire body broke. Instantly, his combat prowess was cut substantially.

The chimera sensed this as well as it unleashed the most powerful onslaught it was able to muster up under the incapacitating conditions of Breathing Crucifix.

BOOOOOOOOOOOOOMMMMM!!!

BOOOOOOOOOOOOOMMMMM!!!

BOOOOOOOOOOOOOMMMMM!!!

His expression grew severe as his wounds instantly worsened.

Despite what felt like an eternity of preparation, Rui was not able to distance himself from each attack as well as he wished he could. Phantom Step, when used in conjugation with the VOID algorithm and the SOUL System, was an extremely demanding maneuver as far accuracy of timing and placement.

Under his broken condition, it was almost impossible for him to meet the standard regularly.

And he paid the price.

He paid the price dearly.

BOOOOOOOOOOOOOMMMMM!!!

BOOOOOOOOOOOOOMMMMM!!!

BOOOOOOOOOOOOOMMMMM!!!

His determination surged even as his body plummeted towards death. In that moment, the sum totality of the Flowing Void Style surged to Rui's aid.

The powerful predictive adaptation of the VOID algorithm showed him how to avoid the inevitable.

The potent SOUL System showed him the very origin of intent within the depths of the soul.

The mighty Hypnomatrix wrestled with the monstrous chimera, suffocating it with Breathing Crucifix.

The titanic Yggdrasil System, the Tree of Life, rendered all of heaven and earth antithetical to its being with the chilling power of Niflheim.

Yet, not even that was enough to withstand the horrifying onslaught of a Master-level beast for too long.

BOOOOOOOOOOOOOMMMMM!!!

BOOOOOOOOOOOOOMMMMM!!!

BOOOOOOOOOOOOOMMMMM!!!

His bones broke one after another. His flesh tore, wound after wound. His body shed copious amounts of blood by the second as his combat power plummeted by the second.

His vision dimmed, growing blurry as his breathing grew heavy and strained. An unimaginable amount of pain flooded his mind, threatening to paralyze him in agony.

Yet, it could not dampen his will to fight.

A soft smile appeared on his bloody face as he felt more alive than he ever had in his entire life.

Even as his body died, his mind surged with life.

It surged with power.

It surged with force.

It surged to unprecedented realms of power.

RUMBLE!!!

The very world shook as the chimera unleashed an attack of horrifying magnitude. An attack that encompassed the sum totality of the microcosm that enveloped everything.

An attack of certain death.

It was the end.

"No." His eyes flared with endless defiance and determination as he surged forward.

And in that moment, an infinite void expanded from within the depths of his mind.

-



Chapter 2005 Core



Kane exhaled deeply as he soothed his nerves.

Operation Prisonbreak was on the cusp of commencement, and while his role was not as absurdly difficult as Rui's, it was equally necessary. The Divine Doctor was unable to exercise his mind manipulation on the beasts due to the dungeon already doing so. Thus, he was stripped of the many offensive options that he had come prepared with.

Without Kane, he would never be able to reach the core of the dungeon alive. Kane would not only have to protect him to the core, but he would also have to aid the man in incapacitating whatever monstrosity was the source of the manifold.

Kane would be lying if he felt super confident in doing the latter. The manifold was a godlike feat far beyond anything he could ever imagine. Any lifeform that was capable of conjuring and maintaining it was probably an extraordinarily powerful creature.

Yet, considering that both Rui and the Divine Doctor had independently arrived at the conclusion that the dungeon itself was benign and harmless and thus needed to manipulate creatures as its tools, it was apparently something that any high-grade Senior ought to be able to accomplish.

Thankfully, that was exactly what he was.

In the past two years, Kane had honed himself extremely well. While this place was something that Rui abhorred training in, it was actually something Kane found quite amenable. His raw, prodigious talent in Martial Art meant that a large amount of time worked extremely well for him. It allowed him to strengthen his foundation and develop more powerful maneuvering Martial Art that would be particularly useful for Operation Prisonbreak. "Ready?"

He heard Rui's voice ringing in his ears from across the planetoid.

Kane glanced at the cheery Divine Doctor beside him. The man's nonchalance was in sharp contrast to Kane's severity.

He was certainly ready any time.

"READY!" Kane yelled back before putting one hand on the shoulder of the Divine Doctor. Nôv(el)B\\jnn

BADUMP!

His Martial Heart immediately burst into power, empowering raw physical prowess tremendously. It was better to get it done before Rui began than after, for he did not want to waste even a millisecond of precious time once Rui drew out the Master-level beast from the core of the open dungeon.

And then, it commenced.

Kane shuddered as he felt Rui's fake yet powerful Master-level aura spread across the entire dungeon.

RUMBLE!!!

The world shook as the depths of the core of the dungeon stirred.

And out came the most disgusting monster Kane had ever beheld in his entire life. Just the mere sight of it sent chills crawling up his spine, and an expression of horror appeared on his face.

The horrifying three-headed creature radiated a malevolent peril that paralyzed every single living being in fear. Every single living being was reduced to a statue frozen in horror.

Well, not every living being.

"…A tier-three chimera that has consumed an earthen dragon, a tekhan phoenix, and an angel." the Divine Doctor's tone was that of clinical interest. "A rather fascinating creature. I wonder how he'll fare. Rather poorly, if I had to predict, it would be far beyond merely statistically anomalous if he could buy us even two minutes. Operation Prisonbreak's probability of success is 0.075%."

Kane stared at him.

Not even the slightest iota of fear could be detected on the man's face. Not even the horrifying visage of the chimera could stir his emotions. It appeared that his little speech about fear to the Elder Tree was more than just bravado. Fear was alien to the man.

Kane couldn't help but feel that that was more terrifying than even the chimera itself.

RUMBLE!!!

The world shuddered as heaven and earth screamed in pain. With a single leap, the monstrous horror reached the other side of the dungeon as its powerful wings propelled it at an unfathomable speed, crossing a hundred kilometers in the blink of an eye.

In just a moment, it had departed from the dungeon and had arrived at Rui.

""̸̘̻̫̭̍͌R̸̥͔̭͑̒͗̀͂O̷̢̝̤͕̹̱̳͇͌̔́̂̚͘Ơ̴̧̧̙̳̩̰̇̒͋̾́O̸̱̪͕͖͕͑̐̐̈͋͛̋͠Ȏ̶͚͚̜͔͚͕͋͐͗O̸͚̓͘͘O̶̡̠̠̞͒͒́̐͘Ę̴̤͍̣̤̭͛̈́̃̅̀̍͠E̸̙̯̽̂̔͛̚̕Ȩ̷̭͙͎̈̉̑̂́͊̒ͅĚ̴̡̢̝̼̲̘̃͐͘͝Ḙ̴̤̬̊̃Ą̴̨͓̱̝͚̦̖͒̑̍̃A̷̧͚̠͕͆̐̐̅́Ȁ̴̛̠̈́͑̃̕͝Ą̸̞̮̤̝̝͑̊̽̽̏͘ͅÁ̵̦̺̜̝̾̄̓̽͊͝A̶̧̰͚̜͓̦͆̊ͅÙ̵͚̦͋̀̒̓Ų̴̖̠̞̯̠͂̒͐̍̐͒͘̕U̸̝̼̳̤̟̯̜̾U̵̝̼̇͘U̶͙̫̣̹͖̙͂͗͂͋̆͋͠R̷̡̘͎͖̾̋̇͛R̷̻̪͓̪̩͖̺͋̅̓͘R̶̡̳̖̼͕̞̙̓̒̂̿̒͑̐̐R̸̢̛̙̀̎R̸̛̯̗̺̟̀̓͐̈́͜Ṟ̶̮͉̞͚̝̘̹̆̄̂̾͋̒!̶̬̲̳̓̾͂̽͌̕!̶̢̻̯̠̤̭̟̀͂!̶͔̗̈̃͐̓̆!̵͓̪̈́͋̋̌̒̌̚͠!̷̡͙̥̱̭̱̞̓͛̏͆̍͗̚!!"̸̻͕̯̜͎̈́͝ ̵̢͍̭̱̤͕͐̊̎̔̃͐̇"

A horrifying cacophonic symphony of roars inspired most disgust and terror than Kane had ever experienced in his life yet—

"It's time!" Kane activated a breathing technique before rushing forward with the Divine Doctor at high speeds!

WHOOSH!

Normally, running at top speed through dangerous areas was extremely risky and not recommended. However, in the past two years, Kane had successfully developed Fulminata Instinct, a technique that he had been working on since the Garden of Salvation. He had successfully managed to employ the electrical stimulation of Fulminata to greatly enhance and heighten Primordial Instinct.

This gave him an extraordinary sense of danger and instinct, which allowed him to travel at full speed across dangerous areas while avoiding extremely dangerous creatures. This was one of the measures that he had taken for Operation Prisonbreak.

Considering how much chaos and devastation the horrifying power of the Master-level beast caused spread, it was the right option. Kane and the Divine Doctor would have died had he not mastered this technique.

BOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOMMMM!!!

The battle had commenced. Considering the sheer depths of the horrifying power of the chimera, Kane could only pray that Rui could stall it for as long as possible. He weaved through the chaotic fauna and flora that had been thrown in disarray from the after-effects of the chimera's devastating power.

Not once did he falter, crash, or slow down, rapidly surging inwards. Thanks to Rui having confirmed that not a single creature in the dungeon could detect him through Void Step, he didn't need to worry about being sensed through it either. While he considered using Godspeed instead of Void Step, his nascent system of thought, which he had slowly worked on for three years, suggested that the latter was better.

And it was right, considering how flawlessly he fulfilled his end of the bargain of Soon enough, the two of them had arrived at the core of the dungeon, a deep, dark region that suffocated the senses.

Yet, amidst the darkness, a bright light shined at the center of the region.

-



Chapter 2006 Otherworldly



CLICK

The two of them instantly put on a gas mask the moment they entered the core of the dungeon. Both Rui and the Divine Doctor had independently arrived at the conclusion that gaseous mental drugs were probably one of the ways that the dungeon maintained the trance of its creatures.

They had also deduced that it most likely was a biological apparatus at the core of the dungeons since none of the three of them had ever experienced any forceful trancing attempts. This was enough evidence that core was most likely connected to how the dungeon maintained the trance of its people.

Amidst the dark region, at the core of the dungeon, was a light at its very center that drew their attention. "That must be it!" Kane exclaimed as he cautiously grabbed the Divine Doctor and ran towards it.

He ran.

And ran.

And ran.

He even got closer.

Yet, he never reached.

The closer he got, the slower he moved.

It was almost paradoxical, yet it was real.

For some inexplicable reason, he made less and less progress the closer he got to the dungeon. "What is this?!" He groaned with effort as he tried making more progress to the very epicenter of the dungeon core. "Why can't I reach?!"

"Length contraction." The Divine Doctor's eyes lit up with interest. Length contraction, also known as Lorentz' Contraction, was a phenomenon in Einstein's Special Theory of Relativity that was visibly measurable when one moved at speeds close to the speed of light. The object moving at such speeds experienced a visible shortening in length across its entire body in the direction that it was moving.

Yet it appeared that, whatever the source of the manifold was, it was able to actively cause length contraction.

RUMBLE!!!

The battle between Rui and the chimera raged on.

"What does that mean?!" Kane grew desperate with each passing moment. Each second was priceless in this circumstance.

"A truly fascinating phenomenon, even if entirely out of my specialty and interest. It means that the closer you get, the shorter your steps become. The shorter your steps become, the slower your speed. The slower your speed, the more time it takes. Thus, vastly increasing the effective distance between us and…"

The Divine Doctor froze as he laid his eyes on the source of the manifold.

While they were unable to reach the light at the center of the manifold, they grew close enough to see what it was.

It was a plant.

A sapling.

It was pure white, shining brightly amidst a region of darkness.

It was certainly visually unusual, yet, considering the exotic lifeforms that Kane had seen in the Beast Domain, it didn't shock him. n/ô/vel/b//jn dot c//om

It did shock the Divine Doctor.

His frozen smile crumbled, disappearing. The clinical interest in his eyes turned to pure, unadulterated shock.

Kane had never seen him this animated ever before in his entire life.

"What?" His stare at the Divine Doctor beside him intensified. "What is it?!"

The Divine Doctor stared at the bright white sapling with eyes of endless intensity.

A single whisper escaped him.

"That lifeform…is not a part of Gaia's Tree of Life."

The Divine Doctor was intimately familiar with Gaia's Tree of Life. Short of truly obscure and deeply hidden species like the Elder Tree, he had seen it all. That was why he knew.

That was why he knew with but a single glance.

"That lifeform…is not of this world."

The sheer magnitude of this revelation was beyond almost anything he had ever experienced in his life. Short of the grandest epiphany of his life regarding the life of Gaia, nothing had shaken him as much as beholding a lifeform from another world!

Yet, Kane didn't share his fascination on this matter.

"I DON'T CARE WHETHER IT IS OR ISN'T A PART OF THE TREE OF LIFE!" Kane bellowed with frustration. "WE DON'T HAVE MUCH TI—"

—RUMBLE!!!

The battle between Rui and the chimera escalated in intensity as the first phase of the battle ended.

A single minute had passed, yet all hell and beyond had broken loose. The destructive devastation of the battle escalated as the chimera employed the full expanse of its horrifying power against Rui. "Hahaha…" A shaky laugh escaped the Divine Doctor even as Kane surged forward with more desperation than he had ever experienced in his entire life, deactivating Void Step and activating Godspeed.

He knew he didn't have time!

He needed to go faster!

Faster than he had ever moved in his entire life!

WHOOOSH!

He surged at extraordinary speeds as he pushed his body to its very limit. The very air ignited under the sheer friction that Kane generated at top speed, burning the Divine Doctor's flesh in advertently.

Yet, the man didn't seem to care.

"HAHAHAHAHAAA!!!" An inhuman cackle escaped the Divine Doctor as a manically wide grin emerged on his face.

A glint of madness flickered within the depths of his eyes. "THIS COULD BE THE KEY!" He screamed. "THE KEY TO MY LIFE'S GREATEST MISSION! SURGE FORTH! I CANNOT DIE HERE! NOT AFTER SEEING THIS!"

Kane didn't need him to tell him that.

His mind felt dizzy as he reached unprecedented speeds ever before; despite each step growing short under the Lorentz Contraction of the source of the manifold, his speed rose faster, allowing him to make quicker and quicker progress. His muscles burned.

His flesh tore.

His joints creaked.

Yet, despite the agony of pushing himself at the cost of himself, he gritted his teeth and pushed harder.

And it paid off.

STEP

The two of them arrived before the very epicenter of the manifold.

Yet, he paid the price for pushing beyond his limits.

A single whisper escaped him before he lost consciousness.

"…Your turn."

THUD

Kane fell.

A maelstrom of emotions lit up in Doctor's eyes as he immediately began. "Your efforts will not be in vai—"

RUMBLE!!!

And in that moment, the world disappeared.

It disappeared, consumed by an endless void.



Chapter 2007 Ascension

﻿﻿RUMBLE!!!

The very world shook as the chimera unleashed an attack of horrifying magnitude. An attack that encompassed the sum totality of the microcosm that enveloped everything.

An attack of certain death.

It was the end.

"No." His eyes flared with endless defiance and determination as he surged forward.

And in that moment, an infinite void expanded from within the depths of his mind.

Time slowed down.

It slowed down to a crawl.

It froze.

It was as though the very fabric of reality halted to bear witness to his apotheosis.

It was as though heaven and earth held their breath as they beheld the miracle that unfolded before them.

As though Gaia herself had been waiting for what was to become.

Rui closed his eyes as his mind expanded.

It expanded.

It expanded far beyond its limits.

His consciousness elevated to a higher state of being as his awareness ascended to otherworldly suchness.

His thought exploded as his cognition surged, enveloping everything.

Everyone.

The sum totality of his logos rose.

It soared.

It soared to unprecedented heights as his nascent Martial Mind expanded in all of its ineffable glory. The microcosm of his conscious mind expanded into a world unto itself as the very culmination of his being ascended.

It ascended to a higher Realm of power.

"Ah…" A whisper escaped him as he opened his eyes, beholding the very world before him.

It was unrecognizable.

It was as though he had beheld it for the very first time in his entire life.

He saw more than just materia.

He saw the ebbies of energy and power.

He saw the flow of entropy.

He saw the symphony of the four fundamental forces of the universe.

He barely caught a glimpse of the very flow of the universe that trickled through all of reality.

Before him, the horrifying visage of the chimera remained nigh-frozen in time, shackled in its place by Rui's ascended perception of time.

A titanic attack surged towards Rui.

Towards everything.

An attack that threatened to wipe out all life within the Mellow Manifold.

His bones were broken.

His flesh was torn.

His muscles were ravaged.

His body was dying.

Yet, a single remark escaped him.

"Your paltry power…" He whispered as his eyes flared with power. "…is of no consequence."

WHOOSH

With a single wave of his hand, he erased the chimera's attack.

With a single wave of his hand, an ocean of power that his Heart generated erased the power of the chimera.

With a single wave of his hand, every ounce of energy and every iota of power that each cell in his body could generate seamlessly converged onto the chimera's devastating power.

With a single wave of his hand, an ocean of power, once wasted, smoothly surged to snuff out the devastating attack of the chimera.

Such was the power of a Martial Master.

WHOOSH

For the very first time in its life, the chimera experienced fear.

All four minds of the creature experienced terror in the depths of their bones.

"—Breathing Crucifix." Rui whispered as he wholly imprisoned its breathing entirely. With the power of the Martial Mind, the technique had reached astronomically unfathomable levels of power.

Try as it might, the chimera couldn't breathe.

It was not permitted to.

Yet, he wasn't done.

"Niflheim."

WHOOOOOOOOOOOSSSSHHHH!!!!!

It was no longer a domain.

It was a realm unto itself.

In just a moment, all water in the domain froze. A catastrophic blizzard with the power to wipe out all life erupted across the entire manifold. Heaven itself began condensing as the entire domain began raining liquid nitrogen.

The water within the chimera's body and brains had long frozen.

It had already died.

The last thing the creature had seen was an endless void.

An endless darkness emerged from the depths of Rui's very being, consuming it and everything beyond it.

Nothing was spared.

His Martial Embodiment, a flowing void, gushed from within the root of his mind and rushed far beyond it.

It consumed the entire manifold in the eyes of the few surviving creatures that beheld it.

It consumed their mind.

It consumed their mind with sheer information.

Too much information.

"RRRAAAAARWWWRGRHRH!!!"

"RRRRGGHRGRHRGRHR!!!"

"SCREEEEEECH!!!"

Countless creatures screamed in agony as their minds were overwhelmed with an endless surge of information. A Martial Embodiment was the visual manifestation created by the subconscious mind upon processing the non-verbal information conveyed to it by the Martial Mind.

The more information a Martial Mind had, the more information it conveyed.

Within the Martial World, it had been theorized that it was possible for a Martial Mind to be so overwhelmingly large and powerful that the sheer amount of information that it conveyed could overwhelm the brain, causing brain death due to an overwhelming information overload. A hypothesis that had never been confirmed, for no Martial Artist in history had developed a Martial Mind powerful enough to cross the threshold of information tolerance.

Until now.

"RRRRAAAAAAWWWRRRRR!!!"

Countless lifeforms screamed in agony as an information overload on par with the inheritance of the Elder Tree. Their minds could not withstand the tsunami of information that flooded them from within the depths of his extraordinary Martial Mind.

Yet, that wasn't all.

Rui's Martial Embodiment was so powerful that it encompassed more than just himself.

It encompassed all of reality.

At that moment, the very fabric of reality altered within the depths of their mind. A world absolutely antithetical to each of them formed within the depths of their mind. Their bodies burned, froze, exploded, and imploded while his Martial Embodiment simultaneously eroded their consciousness bit by bit with an avalanche of information crashed into their little minds.

And then, they almost died spontaneously.

Unbeknownst to him, in the process of killing the chimera, he killed almost all life along with it with the sheer weight of his Martial Mind.

Only two beings survived.

Kane, who was unconscious, and the Divine Doctor, the only living being in the entire Mellow Manifold who possessed a mind powerful to effortlessly withstand Rui's Martial Embodiment.

He gazed at Rui with boundless fascination as a revelation dawned on him.

"You…" He whispered. "You have undergone the soul transference ritual."

-



Chapter 2008  Observations



One moment, Rui's Martial Embodiment ravaged the minds of all those it beheld witnessed, erasing their consciousness.

The very next, however, it disappeared once Rui dispelled Niflheim, finally putting his Martial Art to rest. Although it had felt like an eternity since the inception of the battle, no more than three minutes had passed since.

Yet, the disappearance of his Martial Embodiment certainly didn't undo the damage it had already inflicted. It had been minutes since his battle with the chimera had begun, yet almost all life in the manifold had perished as a result.

Despite millions and even billions of lifeforms of all sizes across the entirety of the hundred-kilometer-wide manifold, not a single one of them could survive the battle between Rui and the chimera.

Such was the horrifying power of beings at their level.

"Huff…" For the first time in what felt like ages, Rui remembered to breathe. "…Huff."

The battle between him and the chimera had been so intense that even breathing was difficult, especially when the two of them ravaged the very atmosphere that nourished them with tornados, infernos, Muspelheims, and Niflheims.

STEP

He descended before the frozen corpse statue of the chimera, gazing at the horrifying monster with soft eyes. "You were exactly what I needed."

He was grateful.

He was grateful that the Master-level beast of the dungeon core was a creature that was almost impossible to adaptively evolve against with the power of the Senior Realm alone. Its strengths and weaknesses were deeply mismatched. A singular solution could not encompass all of it, for it was three beings integrated into one. Rui had not been able to adaptively evolve to it pound for pound despite all the preparations that he had made for the battle.

It was a direct challenge to his Martial Drive with extraordinarily high stakes. Had it not been for that, it most likely would not have triggered his breakthrough. His desire for power was not as strong as his desire to complete Project Water and was, in turn, in service of Project Water. After all, one could not adaptively evolve to overcome powerful calamitous monsters such as the chimera if one did not have power.

Everything boiled down to the ambition that carried on from his previous life, and it was precisely what the chimera posed a powerful challenge to.

A wave of surreality swept over him as he gazed at the corpse of the chimera.

He had won. n/o/vel/b//in dot c//om

Not only had he emerged victorious, he had also ascended to a higher Realm of power.

He had ascended to the Master Realm.

He had reached the Upper Realms.

He was no longer of the Senior Realm.

No.

He was, truly, a Martial Master.

Profound satisfaction spread through his mind. It gushed from within his mind, overflowing into the body, as his demeanor, vibe, and aura reflected the satisfaction he felt. He glanced at the chimera deeply one last time before walking past it, never once looking back.

His extraordinary senses spread across the depths of the Mellow Manifold as he beheld the sum totality of the microcosm that had imprisoned him for two long years. It was dead.

The dense and rich biosphere that existed prior to the inception of the final battle across the manifold had all but perished. All life had died.

"…Almost all," Rui's eyes lit up as he sensed three living beings. WHOOSH

With a single leap, he crossed the vast expanse of the manifold, arriving at the core of the dungeon. Instantly, he found himself in a dark, desolate region that consumed light itself. Yet, while living beings of the dungeon found it difficult to descry the world, the breakthrough to the Master Realm enabled Rui to perceive every micrometer of the dungeon in great detail.

Now that he had ascended to the Master Realm, his senses were far too powerful to be constrained by lesser means. Countless observations flooded into his powerful mind as he beheld the epicenter of the core of the dungeon.

Firstly, Kane was unconscious but alive. Rui was unable to detect any internal bleeding or brain damage with his powerful senses, much to his relief. Even if he were gravely wounded, with the Divine Doctor present, he certainly wouldn't die. He appeared to have either been knocked out by force or had passed out due to pushing himself too hard. This was hardly a problem and didn't even require a healing potion to solve. Rui would rather let him get the rest that he had earned, considering that the Divine Doctor was alive and mostly well, barring some burns to the flesh.

Secondly, the combination of his heightened awareness and senses, along with the Riemannian Echo, allowed him to instantly notice and recognize the spatial anomaly at the very epicenter of the dungeon core.

"Lorentz Contraction." His eyes lit up with faint interest. "Just so," the Divine Doctor's frozen smile sparkled with fascination as he stared at Rui with deep interest.

Rui narrowed his eyes.

This was the third observation that made no sense.

"Why are you so focused on me when an alien flora lifeform exists right behind your back?" Rui's dark eyes sharpened.

Rui, like the Divine Doctor, had instantly noticed that the white sapling was clearly not a part of the Tree of Life of Gaia. That was simply another way of saying it was from another world.

It was a staggering and shocking discovery that could alter the very foundations of the human worldview.

Perhaps the shock was less stunning because Rui knew for a fact that there were other worlds out there.

After all, he, too, was a denizen of another world before his soul somehow traveled from it to Gaia.

Yet, even then, he was still truly surprised to see a lifeform alien to Gaia right before his eyes. Even if he wasn't a biologist, he could still genuinely appreciate the shocking wonder that a truly alien lifeform was.

It was truly groundbreaking and world-shattering.

That was why he didn't understand.

"Why do you turn your back to it…" Rui's tone was soft. "…and gaze at me instead?"

The air grew tense as the two men stared at each other.

-



Chapter 2009  Confrontation and Offer



A Martial Master was hardly novel in the grand scheme of human civilization. While Rui was truly unprecedented as a Martial Master, did the Divine Doctor truly care that much about Martial Art? n/ô/vel/b//jn dot c//om

Rui would have expected him to be too immersed in studying the alien flora lifeform to even notice his existence.

He would have expected that the Divine Doctor would have ignored every call he made to the man in favor of studying the lifeform.

But no.

The Divine Doctor was quite firm in his fascination and interest in Rui.

The inhuman curiosity within the depths of his eyes bore deeply into the endless void within Rui's.

A single remark escaped him.

"You."

"…" Rui tilted his head, perplexed.

"You lied to me." The man's eyes widened with intensity.

Rui frowned. "…No, I didn't."

"You did," he insisted as his voice grew more intense. "You said you were merely a candidate for the soul transference. But the truth became as clear as day when I beheld your Martial Embodiment."

The maniacal intensity of his eyes only rose.

"You have undergone the soul transference ritual." The man grinned wildly. "You already are an immortal."

Rui scoffed. "I told you, the Beggar Sage made me a candida—"

"—DON'T LIE TO ME," he bellowed, stunning Rui into silence.

He had never once heard the man raise his voice.

"Your Martial Mind is too powerful for you to have not undergone the soul transference ritual," the man insisted. "From it, I have detected the mildest signs of remnant muscle from your old vessel. Roughly thirty-seven years ago, if I had to judge."

Rui's eyes widened with shock.

He was thirty-seven years old.

Thirty-seven years ago, he had been reborn.

In addition, the power of his Martial Mind was indeed something that had been born as a result of a second round of extraordinary cognitive growth spike over the span of thirty years.

The fact that the Divine Doctor recognized his reincarnation as the very soul transference ritual that he had developed along with the Beggar Sage and the Psycher was telling. If they were different, he would not have found the tell-tale clues that pointed him to the conclusion that Rui had undergone the same There was only one conclusion to be inferred from this.

Rui's eyes sharpened his expression grew severe. "…So my reincarnation was indeed done through the soul transference ritual?"

The Divine Doctor furrowed his eyebrows as his curiosity only grew. At that moment, he was able to judge that Rui's expression and words were sincere by analyzing his physiological and anatomical microexpressions.

"…You," his eyes widened with a hint of surprise. "You didn't know? You didn't plan this?"

Rui shook his head slowly as his eyes wandered around, deep in thought, growing more severe. "…After I died, I found myself reborn in a newborn baby that was being delivered."

Rui had spent his entire life wondering how his reincarnation was possible. How did his soul travel from one world to another?

In fact, if Gaia was truly in a different universe with slightly different laws of reality, then how in the world did his soul travel from the universe that it was into an entirely different universe?

What were the mechanics of such a magical phenomenon?

He would be lying if he said he hadn't asked this question himself a million times before.

When the Beggar Sage had divulged the truth of the soul transference ritual, he had instantly considered the possibility of the soul transference ritual being connected to his reincarnation.

After all, the way that the Divine Doctor's soul seemed to be able to transfer from vessel to vessel seemed to be reminiscent of his own reincarnation from what little information he had. Thus, it truly was plausible that he had been reincarnated into this world by having his soul transferred from vessel to vessel.

However, he also knew that the Divine Doctor's soul transfers were of his design. He had chosen it to be this way of his own accord by actively participating in the soul transference ritual.

That was not the case for Rui.

He had never planned for this and certainly had never made any preparations for any kind of transference from the body of John Falken to the body of Rui Quarrier. And since the soul transference was a ritual, someone must have done this to him.

Someone must have conducted the soul ritual for Rui without his knowledge or consent back when he was in his old body.

Of course, he wasn't going to complain about getting a second chance at life.

Although this life had had its downs, for the most part, it had been a beautiful dream where he could become a Martial Artist, something he was cruelly denied in his previous life. He could live Project Water while he was limited to giving Project Water to everybody else except himself in his previous life.

He had enough gratitude to whatever extraordinary force had given him a second life. Yet, he would be lying if he didn't seek answers.

And today, he had gotten a fraction of the answers he sought.

The 'how' of his reincarnation was close to being answered. All he needed to know was how the soul transference functioned mechanically in terms of how it transferred something as astral and metaphysical as the 'soul.'

His eyes met up with the Divine Doctor.

In an instant, both of them had already deduced each other's intentions and thoughts.

"What do you want in return for the secret of the soul transference?"

Yet, his eyes widened with surprise as a disturbingly maniacal smile appeared on the Divine Doctor's face. It spread across the man's face, warping it as inhuman amusement lit up within the depths of the man's eyes.

"The commission," he whispered, quivering. "Accept my commission, and I will give you what you seek. I will give you what I seek."

His voice shook unstably as Rui grew more uncomfortable. The man had always been insane and mad, Rui knew, but it was at moments like these that Rui questioned the wisdom of cooperating with someone so psychotic.

-



