Chapter 1751  Come Forth



The Emperor turned to Princess Ranea. "My daughter…It has been five years since we last spoke."

"…I was pleased to receive the news of your awakening," She said with a respectful tone.

"I recall that your ambition to cross the waters of the Great Nam Ocean had not ceased even after I told you about the dire threats that exist at the depths at the center and core of the Great Nam Ocean."

"…Yes, Father."

"And yet you wish to set foot in a domain we are powerless within to take on what is the Beast Domain of the ocean…"

"…Yes, Father."

"And you still wish to tear apart the delicate balance of the Kandrian Empire in an attempt to channel all of Kandria's power into this endeavor in pursuit of the many treasures that its treacherous depths have to offer, correct?" "…Yes, Father."

"…"

He stared at his daughter, apparently speechless, before heaving a soft sigh.

"Your honesty is refreshing. Then, answer this question honestly as well. Tell me, my daughter, what is the crown to you?"

"…" She didn't reply.

"Do you seek the depths of the Great Nam Ocean for the sake of Kandria, or do you seek Kandria for the sake of the depths of the Great Nam Ocean?"

She shook at his question.

It struck at the very core of her drive.

"…" Her expression grew grave even as she held her tongue.

"Your silence is deafening, dear daughter."

"…"

He shook his head before issuing his judgment.

"Unworthy."

He glanced around at his children. "Two years have passed, yet is there nobody who can earn my approval? What have you accomplished in the past two years?"

His eyes shifted to Prince Raul, who winced at his attention.

"Ah…if it isn't my saint of a son," The Emperor snorted. "…Father."

"The boy who thinks he can move the world by striking the human heart," The Emperor scowled. "Yet he doesn't understand that it is the mind that moves the world, not the heart. That is why he fails to draw enough power from across Kandria to his noble cause."

Disappointment flashed in the Emperor's eyes. "Raul…I…had high hopes for you. I had hoped that you would cultivate thought. Cultivate your understanding of the world. For how can you change a nation you know not anything about?"

His eyes grew sharper. "It took me but a single glance to discern that you haven't changed. That is why you, too, are unworthy."

Prince Raul lowered his head wordlessly.

He finally turned to the final of the seven princes.

"Raijun."

"Father." Prince Raijun narrowed his eyes.

"You don't need to put up a fierce facade, my son," The Emperor grinned. "I can see that you are deeply relieved and pleased that your rivals failed to gain my approval. Even if you yourself fail to do so, the final possible impediment has proven to not get in your way."

Prince Raijun's expression grew ugly as the Emperor effortlessly read his mind, seeing right through him.

"You are correct," The Emperor nodded. "You do not require my support, nor will you get it. I will die before I let Kandria become a Martial supremacist nation."

He chuckled at his own joke before shaking his head. "When I look at you. I don't see you. I see the Martial union."

Prince Raijun's expression grew even more ugly. "You are a tool."

Prince Raijun gritted his teeth.

"A puppet," The Emperor snorted. "You are even more of a tool than Randal, Ranea, Rafia, and Raemina."

Rui shook where he stood as he realized the Emperor had somehow found out about his manipulation of the four royals. Chills went up his spine at this revelation. But how?

He didn't know.

Prince Raijun glared at Emperor Rael. "Father, you-"

"Shut up." The Emperor's heavy voice cut through his words.

His powerful glare pinned Raijun down. "Tools should remain silent and do as they're told."

Prince Raijun gnashed his teeth in humiliation.

"I am disappointed."

His words struck all of his children.

"Disappointed that not a single one of you is able to understand the harmony needed to rule Kandria."

His eyes narrowed. "Kandria is a nation with many pillars that support it. Anybody who does not understand the importance of balance between these pillars that support our great nation is unworthy and unfit to rule it."

The Emperor had issued his judgment.

A dark atmosphere settled into the throne hall.

It was not inspiring to know that the great Emperor of Harmony judged all of them unworthy of ascending the throne.

Many wondered if this marked the end of the Age of Glory for the Kandrian Empire.

Many wondered if the death of Emperor Rael truly would, as he declared, bring about a civil war that would bring ruin to Kandria, marking the dawn of decline. Perhaps Prince Raijun was right. Perhaps civil war was inevitable.

Perhaps the Emperor of Harmony was the outlier, a rare individual blessed with the gift of harmonizing a nation.

At that moment, they truly did feel a hint of regret at his impending death.

"I have failed this Great Empire."

His words stunned those who heard them.

If there was anybody who had not failed the Kandrian Empire, it was Emperor Rael. If even he had failed the Kandrian Empire, then what about everybody else?

"I have failed this Empire by failing to impart harmony to my descendants."

Regret saturated his rich, deep, masculine voice.

"If the Kandrian Throne War cannot be averted, then so be it…"

His voice changed.

A new determination filled its depths.

"What I am to do may very well be my final act as Emperor."

A grave severity underlied his tone.

"It will be my final gift to Kandria."

The air grew electric.

It grew taut.

A deep amount of weight weighed down on all of them.

At that moment, a single realization dawned on all of them.

History was in the making.

They didn't know how.

Or why.

But the depths of their instinct felt this truth.

"I hereby commence the Kandrian Blood Ritual!" The Emperor's powerful voice boomed across the entirety of the throne hall, stunning the entire hall with his sudden declaration.

The Kandrian Blood Ritual. An age-old tradition and ritual that affirmed blood kinship between the Emperor and those who bore his blood within a hundred meters of the ritual. It was based upon an extremely rare esoteric substance that reacted to the very essence of the blood of a person.

Everybody instinctively understood that this was the culmination of this historic event.

Whatever was to come would change Kandria forever.

His servants stepped forth before him, kneeling down as they presented a strange ethereal orb to him. Thê sourc𝗲 of this conte/nt n/o/v/(𝒆l)bi((n))

"By blood, we live…" His voice quivered with emotion as he drew a ceremonial dagger.

SPLAT

The blade dug into the flesh of his hand.

"…By blood, we inherit." His voice grew severe.

DRIP DRIP DRIP…

It spilled upon the orb.

For a moment, nothing happened.

Then, the orb glowed, lighting up with a brilliant shine.

The princes and princesses began glowing, row after row, emitting a similar light. The orb recognized the blood within to be the same as that which was spilled upon.

Yet that wasn't all.

What followed shocked everybody to their very core.

No one.

Not a single person could have imagined what followed.

From within the depths of the arrays of guests behind the royals, another light glowed.

A light emanating from Rui Quarrier.

He was frozen.

Frozen in pure horror of what had just unfolded.

"Come forth," A grin emerged on the Emperor's face. "Come forth, Prince Rui Quarrier Kandria."



Chapter 1752  Shocking Decision



Not a single person could remain unperturbed.

Not a single person could remain calm.

Not a single one of them could maintain their composure at the revelation that had just unfolded.

Yet the ritual did not lie.

A light identical to that of the other princes and princesses had shone from Rui.

Rui himself had been frozen in shock at the realization of what had just happened.

"Come forth..." The Emperor beckoned him forth with a knowing smile. "Come forth, Prince Rui Quarrier Kandria."

For a moment, nobody moved.

Everybody was shocked.

His acquaintances around him were stunned and speechless.

Master Ceeran, Vericita, Aroanian, Minister Varay, and several others simply stared at him like he was from another world.

The royals stared at him in shock.

The entirety of the throne hall was stunned to its very core.

Yet, none of them were more shocked than Rui himself.

"…What?" He whispered with horror. "This has to be some kind of a mistake."

Time slowed down to a crawl as his Martial fight-or-flight instincts took over. His mind, normally ordered and organized in its thought, had fallen into absolute chaos. Countless thoughts flashed through it as it collapsed into disarray.

He didn't understand.

He didn't understand what was happening.

How could he possibly have royal blood in his veins?

How could he possibly be a descendant of the Kandrian Royal Family?!

Could it be a mistake?

Could the orb be malfunctioning?

No, the probability of that was far too low. This was a matter centered around the Royal Family; there was no room for error.

…Could it truly be that he was a royal?

He didn't know who his father was and had never given it much thought. As far as he was concerned, it didn't matter. It was irrelevant to him.

His mind flashed back to the sole memory of his mother when he first gave birth. Despite her exhaustion and pain, her eyes lingered with deep affection for Rui even as she passed away.

Was she a royal or…?

"Do not make me repeat myself, boy."

The Emperor's powerful, commanding tone left no room for reprieve. It shook Rui out of his frozen reverie, propelling him forward as he obeyed the Emperor's command. STEP

STEP STEP…

With each step he took, he became increasingly aware of all the attention on him. Not a single person was anything less than shocked.

Those who knew him the most were beyond flabbergasted. The members of the Martial Union were truly taken aback as they realized their golden boy had been a member of the royal family the entire time.

They hadn't even reached the point of considering whether this was good or bad, they were still utterly bewildered by the revelation of the Kandrian Blood Ritual.

Yet, the royal family was even more shocked than the Martial Union!

The moment the realization dawned on them, the royals had lost all dignity as the deepest of horror overtook their demeanor.

Prince Randal's expression crumpled with horrified terror.

He seemed to age by the second.

Princess Ranea, Rafia, and Raemina were frozen in raw fear as they realized the nightmare that this situation was to them.

Prince Rajak gritted his teeth apprehensively at the revelation of Rui being his half-brother.

Prince Raul was, perhaps, the only one who didn't appear to be inflicted with pain at the revelation. Yet, even he was deeply stunned by the revelation. It was clear that not even the Beggar's Sect had been aware of this deep secret despite all their exposure to Rui Quarrier.

Prince Raijun, however, was the very first to understand the implications of this revelation. He gritted his teeth with deep fear and apprehension as he did his best to maintain his composure.

Yet, inwardly, he experienced true terror and fear for the first time in his life.

Rui schooled his expression and his gait with heightened self-awareness as he walked past the crowd of guests and toward the royal family that had gathered a short distance away from the elevated platform bearing the throne.

With each step he took, the harder it grew to breathe.

With each step he took, the burden on his shoulder deepened.

With each step, it grew heavier.

By the time he arrived, he felt like the weight of the entire Empire rested on his shoulders.

It pressed down on him, squeezing his heart, crippling his breath.

"Rui Quarrier Kandria." Thê sourc𝗲 of this conte/nt n/o/v/(𝒆l)bi((n))

The Emperor spoke his name like an incantation. His voice was powerful, yet his tone was soft.

Gentle.

Rui beheld the Emperor of Kandria.

Gone was the powerful and domineering persona of the Emperor of Harmony. All Rui saw was paternal pride.

He didn't understand.

He didn't understand what he was seeing.

"You are a son of Kandria." The Emperor's declaration was firm.

"You are a son of the Royal Family."

Not even the slightest hint of hesitation rang in his voice.

"You are…a son of mine." His words spread through the Kandrian Throne Hall.

Rui stared at him.

His eyes brimmed with intense emotion.

Uncertainty.

Apprehension.

Fear.

The Emperor met his gaze with clear eyes.

A glint of affection lingered in them.

"Be not afraid."

His tone was warm.

"Fear does not befit a son of mine."

His words were sharp, yet his tone did not barb Rui.

It coaxed him.

"…And son of mine, you are," The Emperor reaffirmed once more.

This time, his tone was more firmer.

Fiercer.

"As Emperor, I declare you, Rui Quarrier Kandria, Son of Rael Di Kandria and Miriam Nephi Silas of the Silas Clan…" The Emperor's voice grew grave. "…as my chosen heir."

Rui's widened his eyes, stunned at the Emperor's solemn declaration.

The entirety of the throne hall shook once more as yet another wave of shock washed over each of them. The Emperor had not only unveiled a new son who had been unknown before but had also declared him his chosen heir immediately after disclosing his identity!

The air grew tumultuous as the weight of the Emperor's declaration struck everybody.



Chapter 1753 Alone

﻿﻿"What?!"

"He's suddenly his son and his chosen heir?!"

"Unbelievable..."

"The Kandrian Throne War has changed forever."

"Who could have known..."

A wave of murmurs erupted from the crowd as the Emperor made his final declaration.

Rui himself was frozen where he stood, shell-shocked.N/nêw n0vel chap/ers are published o/n n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

"...What?" A single whisper escaped his mouth.

The Emperor did not respond to him, instead waving his hand.

A servant walked over to Rui with a prepared ostentatious tray with a ceremonial blade and an insignia atop it. A platinum-gold adorned insignia that bore the crest of the Royal Family.

"Commence the blood seal," The Emperor commanded.

Rui had no idea what that meant, but the circumstantial context and evidence were enough for him to rapidly infer exactly what was expected of him. He took the knife, cutting his palm, allowing the blood to fall on the insignia.

VMMM!

The artifact absorbed the blood, shaking and glowing, before finally subsiding.

"The Royal Insignia is proof that you are of the Kandrian Royal Family," The Emperor declared. "And the Royal Sword of Kandria…"

He extracted his sheathed ceremonial blade from his robes. "…

is proof that you are my heir."

Rui stared at him with uncertainty.

"Come forth, my son, and accept my offering of heirship." The Emperor commanded him.

Rui walked over to the throne with a measured gait, ascending the platform before arriving at the Emperor.

Their eyes met, fixing upon each other's. Rui's eyes bored into his with askance, yet the Emperor's steely eyes were firmly unmoving.

"And with this…" The Emperor's solemn voice reverberated through the throne hall as he bestowed his Royal Sword upon the kneeling Rui. "The world shall recognize you, Prince Rui Quarrier Kandria, as chosen heir unto the Second Emperor of Kandria."

CLASP

A chill went down Rui's spine as he accepted the ice-cold ceremonial sword. His mind jarred back to reality as he broke out of his shell of shock. The surreality of what was unfolding at the moment had suddenly struck him like a jackhammer.

'…Is this real?' Uncertainty grasped at his heart, squeezing it in a vise.

He hoped he was having a nightmare.

He hoped, from the bottom of his heart, that he would wake up in the Quarrier Orphanage as just another ordinary orphan blessed to have been accepted by Lashara thirty-one years ago.

Yet reality denied his deepest desires.

Instead, it cruelly thrust him into a world where he was somehow a Royal Prince, son of the Royal Emperor.

Rui's eyes wandered around with uncertainty as he returned to his spot.

The Royal Sword weighed down on him.

It was heavy.

It was a burden he didn't ask for.

It was a burden he didn't want.

One that was thrust upon him against his will.

Yet he hadn't even reached the part where he could calmly evaluate his circumstances objectively.

He was far too shocked about the nature of his own circumstances. He didn't even know how to begin processing everything that had just happened. He didn't even know how it could possibly be happening.

"My subjects."

The Emperor's powerful voice cut through the tumultuous atmosphere as the Emperor took the opportunity to address the guests.

"My children."

He glanced at the royals gathered closer to him.

"Much has unfolded during this Royal Addressal Ceremony," The severity of his tone reflected the weight of the circumstances. "Much that no one could have predicted or known."

No one aside from the Emperor himself, of course.

"I, the Emperor of Kandria, am diseased," He closed his eyes. "I do not have much longer left. Know that I have fought, with all might, against this curse that addles my body for far longer than any of you could have imagined. I have fought… and I have failed."

He opened his eyes, meeting everybody with his powerful gaze. "This is my final act. This is my will. I believe that this, even as I inch closer to death, is the right choice for Kandria. For the future of Kandria."

The weight of his words was deep.

"I have made my choice," He told the many powers and forces of Kandria that had gathered within the hall. "I have made my choice, and it is time for each of you to make yours."

The air grew electric.

Each and every single person in the hall understood what the Emperor was telling them.

A new prince had entered the war.

A prince who bore the will of Rael Di Kandria.

In other words, a powerful competitor for the throne had emerged from the woodwork. It was bound to be the birth of a new faction. A new faction that they could choose to support or not.

It could be a great opportunity if exploited correctly.

The guests narrowed their eyes with deep seriousness as they furiously considered the prospects of supporting and allying with the final prince of Kandria.

"I, Emperor Rael Di Kandria, declare the Royal Addressal Ceremony to be complete," The Emperor announced. "Glory to Kandria."

"Glory to Kandria!"

A saying that signaled the end of royal ceremonies.

CLACK

The giant doors of the Kandrian Throne Hall opened.

For a moment, nobody could move.

Yet, move they did.

Shock was not a justification to ignore royal protocol.

The guests neatly exited the throne hall row after row, heading down the stairs as the Martial Masters of the royal security force secured the path down. Sage Farana had already shifted, standing in the sky, overseeing the security of all the important powers and forces of Kandria.

Her heavy presence weighed down on the world, inspiring great confidence in their safety in the minds of the many powerful guests.

Rui never moved.

He didn't move so much as an inch from where he stood.

Even as the many princes and princesses headed to the exit in the order that they had arrived in, he never moved.

He simply stood there, staring at the Emperor.

The uncertainty and confusion in his eyes were replaced with a steely glare.

One by one, everybody left.

The Master-level bodyguards.

The concubines that had stood by his side.

The many attendants that had tended to him.

Soon enough, they were alone.



Chapter 1754  Tale



"You seem displeased." The Emperor's powerful voice echoed across the vast expanse of the Kandrian Throne Hall.

"Oh, I do, do I? You don't say." Rui's sarcasm was palpable.

Yet the Emperor didn't seem to mind the impropriety. V/\IssịT n0(v)eL/b(i)(n).𝘤𝑜/𝓂 for the b/est novel reading experi/en/ce

"Your displeasure is very understandable." The Emperor remarked. "Yet you managed to retain your exterior composure even when bombarded with life-altering revelations in front of all the greatest powers of Kandria."

A hint of approval could be detected in his voice. "Had you grown unstable or had a mental breakdown, I would not have chosen you as my heir. It was…the final test."

Rui narrowed his eyes, glaring at the Emperor. "The final test?"

"Final test." The Emperor reaffirmed calmly. "You have passed all others with flying colors. You are truly a prince worthy of ascending the throne. You are worthy of being Emperor of Kandria."

"I don't understand." Rui's voice betrayed the frustration that had rapidly built up since the revelation of his royal bloodship. "I DON'T UNDERSTAND." He bellowed as a surge of emotion washed through him.

A brief silence lingered in the air.

"I don't blame you." The Emperor's tone was gentle. "Sometimes, I'm not entirely sure I understand what happened."

Regret and sorrow echoed within the melody of his voice.

He heaved a sigh. "If I, as Emperor of Kandria, had the choice to choose a single supernatural power or ability, what power do you think it would be?"

Rui furrowed his eyebrows in confusion at the random question.

What did it have to do with their current circumstances?

What relevance did it have to anything that was pertinent?

If ranked on the list of topics that Rui wanted to speak to the Emperor about, it would not even make it into the top ten thousand!

Yet, as he met the patient and calm eyes of the Emperor, waiting for an answer, he heaved a sigh.

"…Telepathy? Precognition. Clairvoyance..." Rui nonchalantly replied. "Depends on its synergy with your circumstances and needs as ruler, I suppose."

"That is a neat analysis; those are certainly good choices," The Emperor nodded, smiling wryly. "I chose precognition."

Rui tilted his head. "I do not follow."

"Or rather, an opportunity to choose precognition had risen nearly forty years ago," The Emperor replied calmly. "One of my intelligence networks had caught wind of a clue to the location of the mythical Silas Clan."

Rui's eyes narrowed sharply at that name. The Emperor had mentioned it when he declared Rui his heir.

It was the clan of his mother, allegedly.

He had never heard of such a clan before in his entire life.

"The Silas Clan is a nomadic clan descended from the Transcendent Prophet, the Astral Sovereign." The Emperor explained. "It is a clan birthed by the son of the Transcendent Prophet, a Martial Sage who went by the name Silas."

Rui's eyes widened, surprised at the connection between the prophet of the Virodhabhasa Faith and the clan his mother was allegedly from.

"The historical records about the origin of the Silas Clan are…shoddy, to say the least," The Emperor admitted. "However, it is said that Silas was inspired by his father's Transcendent Prophecy from a very young age, so much so that he grew up wanting to become a prophet like his father. It is said that it had shaped his entire identity as he grew up, the core of his drive."

He glanced at Rui. "What do you think his Martial Path was when he broke through to the Apprentice Realm?"

Rui's eyes narrowed. "…Prophecy?"

The word lingered in the air.

"Indeed." The Emperor nodded, closing his eyes. "Over the span of centuries in the Age of Martial Art, Silas broke through to Realm after Realm, reaching the Sage Realm. Just one Realm below Transcendence. It is said that Sage Silas had reached the cusp of the Transcendence Realm…before he ultimately disappeared, thought to be dead."

"'Thought' to be dead…?"

The Emperor shrugged nonchalantly. "Thought to be dead. Gaia is an astronomically enormous world. Orders of magnitude larger than any other in our solar system. He could be dead or not. I doubt we will ever find out. However, before he died, he passed on a technique to his clan of descendants…a forbidden technique, the Eye of Prophecy."

Rui's eyes narrowed. "It was a Sage-level technique that is said to allow the user to see the future." The Emperor remarked. "The Silas Clan inherited Sage Silas' final heirloom and dedicated everything to it. Their entire identities warped around the technique as they religiously embodied it."

His eyes met with Rui. "I'm sure you're familiar with the correlation between identity and Martial Path; what do you think happened?"

"…The Martial Artists of the Silas Clan naturally came to possess Martial Paths centered around the Eye of Prophecy," Rui realized. "If their progeny were raised to form their identity around their inherited technique, then there's no doubt that their Martial Art would not stray far away from the technique."

"Indeed," The Emperor nodded. "That was not all. There is a reason the technique is considered to be a forbidden technique. The original technique was not a forbidden technique; it was a Sage-level technique. It was made functioned to make use of the Sage Realm of power. In other words, it was not a technique meant to be used by even Masters, let alone Martial Artists of the Lower Realms. Yet they were determined to harness the power of the technique, the only heirloom given to them by their beloved progenitor, Sage Silas."

The Emperor's eyes narrowed. "They were willing to use it no matter the price. And the price they did pay. The many Martial Masters united together to decode, decipher, and reconstruct the technique to water it down."

"…I presume they succeeded." A glint of curiosity flashed in Rui's eyes.

"Partially," The Emperor replied. "They managed to water it down in order to make it easier to use as a result. However, they were never entirely able to reduce it below quasi-Sage level. The technique was fundamentally such that it required a bare minimum amount of the power of the Sage Realm."



Chapter 1755  Forbidden



"And, rest assured, the quasi-Sage level version of the Eye of Prophecy was also too difficult for any of the Masters at the time, let alone any of the younger Martial Artists," Emperor Rael's tone grew darker. "As I mentioned, it could not be used without paying the price and the price they paid."

He stared deep into Rui's eyes. "The price they paid to use a technique they were unworthy of using was their lifespan."

Rui's eyes widened with shock. "What?!"

"They modified the technique, adding forbidden principles that could supply them with the power they needed to wield the Eye of Prophecy in exchange for their lifespan," the Emperor explained in a heavy tone. "Lifespan is precious, and when sacrificed can conjure up miracles. That's why those principles are forbidden. That is why it is considered a forbidden technique. The Panamic Martial Federation frowns upon the creation and propagation of forbidden techniques, techniques that cause irreversible harm to their user, yet the Silas Clan was determined to use the Eye of Prophecy even if it came at the cost of their lifespan. They believed the power was worth it, and thus began a century-old tradition in the Silas Clan."

Rui listened to the Emperor's tale with rapt attention.

"And they were right," The Emperor remarked. "It was worth it. When the world learned that the Silas Clan had harnessed the power of prophecy, naturally, they wanted it. The Silas Clan was targeted and hunted by the powers of the world that sought to get their hands on the power of prophecy."

"…Why didn't they seek refuge in the Transcendent Prophet if they were his descendants?" Rui raised an eyebrow.

"They probably tried." The Emperor sighed. "But Martial Transcendents are…detached from human civilization. Not even I have been able to understand what it is that drives them away to distance themselves from humanity when they break through to the Transcendent Realm. Regardless, it can be readily inferred that this option was not available. Otherwise, they would have lived happily ever after in the Virodhabhasa Theocracy." V/\IssịT n0(v)eL/b(i)(n).𝘤𝑜/𝓂 for the b/est novel reading experi/en/ce

That was a sensible deduction.

The Emperor heaved a sigh. "Prey to the predatory greed of human civilization, the Silas Clan abandoned their roots and became a permanently nomadic clan that wandered through the peripheries and gaps in human civilization and the Beast Domain to this day. The world searches for the Silas Clan even to this day, yet none have found them yet."

His eyes narrowed. "None except me. I searched for the Silas Clan for many years, studying every ounce of data and creating models of behavioral patterns until I managed to predict their future course based on a crucial piece clue that the Kandrian Intelligence Agency. I personally undertook the operation, traveling across Panama in disguise to intercept them along with a single Martial Sage, and succeeded. I won the race to the Silas Clan."

An affectionate smile appeared on his face. "…And that was how I met your mother."

Rui's eyes widened as the Emperor's demeanor changed. His eyes grew loving as they glazed over, recounting the memories of a woman who no longer was.

"…Your mother was a being of hope." The Emperor remarked lightly, lost in his memories. "She gave me hope when I had nearly lost all of it."

"You see," The Emperor remarked as his attention returned to Rui. "The reason I sought the Silas Clan wasn't just because prophecy was an extremely useful and revolutionary power for any ruler to have, although that was also true and a good bonus. But the true reason I sought the Silas Clan…was because they had the power to help me find the key to healing my curse."

Rui's eyes widened with shock.

The Emperor's eyes darkened. "I had already been alerted to the Eternal Dream disease that lay dormant in my body a few years prior to my meeting with the Silas Clan. There was no known cure in the medical community. No treatment could slow it down. Nothing could get rid of it. I drove myself mad, looking for a solution, almost unraveling into despair until a possibility finally appeared."

Rui's attention intensified.

The air grew heavy.

"The Divine Doctor." The Emperor remarked. "The single greatest known healer in all of human history. A genius that is said to be a gift to humanity from the God of Medicine herself. Born many centuries before even the Age of Martial Art, this doctor was said to be transcendent in his ability to heal and cure. The Divine Doctor is said to have even cured death itself, transcending morality and becoming an immortal sage who wanders throughout Gaia to this day."

Rui grew amazed, enraptured by the Emperor's tale. "…He doesn't even sound human."

"He can hardly be considered to be a human," The Emperor replied. "He isn't the only one. Throughout history, there have been those born with transcendent minds and godly mentalities, not unlike yourself."

Rui narrowed his eyes.

He eyes Rui carefully with a pointed look. "The Scrier…an extraordinary archaeologist who sought to uncover the mysteries of the Empty Ages before known and recorded human history. The Beggar Sage, the founder and current leader of the Beggar's Sect, is said to possess an unfathomable comprehension of information and epistemology. And, of course, the Divine Doctor, the godly healer, said to be able to cure anything."

The Emperor narrowed his eyes. " I believed that he might have the power to heal my condition. However, finding him was even more difficult. It proved untenable with my power alone. I needed something that could help me find the Divine Doctor."

Rui's eyes widened as realization dawned on him. "That was why you sought the Silas Clan. That was why you sought the power of prophecy. You hoped that with Silas Clan's Eye of Prophecy, they would be able to help you find the Divine Doctor to help cure your condition before it manifested."

"A keen inference," The Emperor nodded, smiling. "An accurate one, too. Yet, the prospect of finding a secret nomadic clan to then somehow gain their most treasured technique to, in turn, somehow help me find the Divine Doctor was…a dubious plan, to say the least. By the time I had succeeded in intercepting the Silas Clan myself with a Martial Sage, I had lost all hope and, as I said before, that…"

He smiled once more with clear eyes full of hope. "…was how I met your mother. She gave me hope. The hope for life. The longer I spent with her, the more hopeful I grew. And long I spent with her, indeed. It wasn't long before she gave me more than just hope."

A soft smile appeared on Rui's face.

"As a Martial Apprentice, she had already gained the power of prophecy."

Rui's eyes widened, surprised. "She was a Martial Apprentice?!"



Chapter 1756 Unforgotten

﻿﻿"Indeed," The Emperor nodded. "Although young and inexperienced, she possessed the forbidden technique of the Eye of Prophecy. In return for the technique in her Martial Art, I offered the Silas Clan a powerful Sage-level artifact that would aid in obscuring them even further. And thus, an exchange occurred."

He smiled. "She was pregnant with you even before we bade the Silas Clan farewell and returned to the Kandrian Empire…"

His smile grew sorrowful. "And that was when things took a rough turn."

"…What happened?"

"She grew revolted and disgusted at the toxic, poisonous relationships within the Royal Family," The Emperor heaved a sigh. "Princes and princesses plotting and scheming each other's downfall and deaths. Scheming to one day ascend the throne after I died or abdicated it. Anybody who bore the blood of the royal family was in danger of being targeted to eliminate competition."

"…Like what happened to Rajak," Rui realized.

The Emperor nodded. "Indeed. You might think that what happened to him was special, but really, it's rather tame compared to what has happened and what does happen."

Rui's eyes sharpened at those words.

The Emperor shook his head, heaving a sigh. "She sought to distance herself away from me. She refused to let her baby become embroiled in the venomous and hateful conflicts between the members of the Royal Family. I tried my best to convince her, but she demanded that I abdicate the throne and leave Kandria with her forever if she wanted us to remain together as a family. However, so long as the crown rested upon my head, she deemed that it was a threat to her growing fetus."

"And you chose the crown." Rui narrowed his eyes.

The Emperor heaved a sigh. "I had truly come close to abdicating. Maybe I would have, had I had just a little bit more time. Unfortunately…"

His voice grew grave. "…Time I didn't have, for that was when true disaster struck."N/nêw n0vel chap/ers are published o/n n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

The air grew a few shades darker.

Rui narrowed his eyes. "What happened?"

"…A few weeks before her delivery, she foresaw her own death." The Emperor heaved a shaky sigh. "She told me that it was inevitable and that no force in the world could save her life, refusing any help. I desperately begged her to accept the medical intervention of the Royal Doctors of the Royal Court, but she refused. She did not want her existence to be alerted to the princes and princesses who would undoubtedly learn of her and her baby should any Royal asset come into contact with her during pregnancy or childbirth. After all, that was how Rajak was exposed."

The Emperor paused as his expression grew darker.

"I…lost my temper that day. I said things that I now can never take back."

Deep regret and guilt churned in the depths of his voice.

"Yet the last time I saw her, she extracted an oath from me." The Emperor breathed in shakily. "That you would grow up with the true love that every child deserves. That you would grow up with the love of a family that she and I were unable to give you. That you would never be preyed on by the darkness of the Royal Family."

The Emperor sighed as sorrow flashed in his eyes. "Back then, I was truly resentful of her for walking away from me and refusing my aid. However, I never forgot the oath I made to her."

A sorrowful smile returned to the Emperor's face.

"I…found a place far away from the politics of the Kandrian Empire. An orphanage about an hour away from the town of Hajin by carriage. An orphanage created and run by a woman who was once a trafficked orphan, determined to offer a loving home to orphans that she had been denied as a child. After months of rigorous vetting, I deemed her orphanage worthy of being the home that you deserved. The home that would also fulfill my oath to Miriam, your mother."

The Emperor smiled at Rui. "That was the Quarrier Orphanage."

Rui stared at the Emperor in amazement as the Emperor recounted the tale that had gone on to shape his life!

"So you made it so that Mother Lashara accepted me as an orphan?" Rui whispered, shocked.

"T'is but a trivial matter for my wide set of competencies," The Emperor shrugged nonchalantly.

"..And then you, what, decided to forget about me until recently?" Rui narrowed his eyes. "Hide the truth from me until you needed me? And then reveal the truth to me alongside the entire world in a manner that forces my hand?"

A hint of resentment echoed in Rui's voice.

He was not pleased about the emotional rollercoaster that the Royal Addressal Ceremony had been.

The Emperor heaved a sigh. "I did not forget about you. I have never forgotten you."

His demeanor grew solemn yet soft.

His eyes peered into Rui's.

"I watched over you your entire life. I rejoiced alongside you, celebrating your accomplishments. I mourned alongside you when you suffered from the tribulations life thrust upon you. Yet, I never forgot about you, watching your miraculous life with more pride than I ever thought I had. I even actively protected you before you became a Martial Artist, though I wonder if you even remember…it was so long ago, then again, I don't know if I should…"

The Emperor's voice trailed off as he murmured to himself.

"What do you mean?" Rui's eyes furrowed with uncertainty. "I don't follow your words."

The Emperor's eyes shifted to meet his. "…Then I suppose it would be better to show than to talk, isn't that right? Sayfeel?"

For a moment, nothing happened.

"…Huh?" Rui frowned, wondering if the Eternal Dream disease accelerated mental decline. "There's no one else here but us."

Oh, but there was.

A familiar Realm of power unfolded behind Rui.

His eyes widened as he felt a titanic surge of pressure weighing down on him.

Not just him.

Everything.

The very world around him seemed to shiver.

Heaven and Earth seemed to bend.

They bent under the weight of his being.

Rui leaped away in terror as he turned around to catch a glimpse.

Yet what he saw shook him.

A man.

A Martial Sage.

Yet, it was not his Realm of power that shocked him.

It was his appearance.

"You…!" Rui gasped with recognition.

The Martial Sage smiled.

Rui stared at his face with bewilderment.

This was the man who had saved him from being kidnapped by a trafficker at the age of seven, many years ago!



Chapter 1757 More Shocking Revelations

"It has been a pleasure watching you grow into a fantastic Martial Artist, Your Highness."

A profoundly powerful voice escaped Sage Sayfeel.

It reverberated in his heart.

Rui stared at the Martial Sage with unadulterated shock. "So all this time…you were a hidden Martial Sage."

Rui felt weak in his legs at the weight of this new revelation.

He recalled the incident quite clearly and deeply in his mind. He had yet to become a Martial Artist; he hadn't even had a real fight with his life on the line at that point. That had been his first conflict.

The very memory of it embarrassed him.

The man who had saved him was a Martial Squire or was supposed to be. He had taught Rui that neither fear nor failure disqualified him from being a warrior. It was what he did after that decided whether he was a warrior or not.

This man had done much to set Rui down his Martial Path; if it weren't for him, let alone a Martial Artist, Rui would have died long ago.

"…Thank you," Rui whispered, bowing his head deeply. "Thank you."

"I was simply doing my duty, Prince Rui," The man smiled before gazing at the Emperor reverently. "It was His Majesty truly saved your life."

Rui turned back to his father with gratitude in his eyes, earning a nonchalant dismissive wave from him before turning back to Sage Sayfeel.

The bewilderment in his eyes had yet to dim.

It wasn't just the fact that this man was a Martial Sage.

Rui had not failed to notice that this wasn't any of the known fourteen Martial Sages, the appearance of all of whom he knew.

This was a new Martial Sage.

One he had never seen before.

The air tingled as the frightening implications of this revelation struck Rui.

Rui was so utterly bewildered by the string of revelations that he had been bombarded with that he no longer had the energy to get shocked.

He was utterly drained.

The Emperor could pull a Martial Transcendent out of his ass, and he doubted that he would be too surprised.

"Sayfeel is one of my greatest trump cards," Emperor Rael calmly declared. "My hidden weapon. The fifteenth Martial Sage of Kandria. Everybody who knows of his existence is standing in this room."

Rui stared at Sage Sayfeel, stunned speechless. "The fifteenth Martial Sage of Kandria…?"

"From a young age, I knew that in order to seize the throne, I needed a powerful hidden trump card that could help me overcome the resistance of my allied siblings who sought to keep me from reaching the throne," Emperor Rael calmly informed Rui. "Thus, about thirty years before I assassinated your grandfather, I began cultivating a weapon, a powerful Martial Artist that answers only to me."

Rui realized he had been wrong.

He was indeed capable of getting shocked even now as his eyes widened with shock for the umpteenth time.

He realized he might have had more in common with the Emperor than he had realized. "Incredible."

Rui realized the weight of this revelation.

It was an unspoken gesture of trust from the Emperor.

He had just been entrusted with a secret of national importance.

He glanced at the Emperor with askance. "You said you protected me until I became a Martial Artist."

The Emperor nodded. "That's right. Once you became a Martial Artist, protection would only hamper your growth. A sheltered Martial Artist is a weak Martial Artist; you saw that with Prince Raijun, didn't you?"

Rui nodded.

He didn't bear any resentment or hostility towards the Emperor for not protecting him when he became a Martial Artist. Prince Raijun was actually the perfect example of what a sheltered Martial Artist looked like.

"I held my breath many times through your journey, of course," The Emperor remarked. "Yet you managed to overcome every tribulation that you faced thus far. I've even taken the personal liberty of dubbing some of your successes with a personal touch."

Rui furrowed his eyebrow in confusion. "What is that supposed to mean?"

A mischievous smile flashed on the Emperor's face. "Voidbringer. Voider. Voidreaper…Did you think it's a coincidence that these nicknames that belong to you all suspiciously share the theme of 'void' even though they were supposed to have risen entirely separately and disconnected from each other?"

Rui stared at Rael with a stunned expression. "You were responsible for those epithets!"

Emperor Rael burst out laughing, guffawing at Rui's expense. "Indeed. I had great fun cooking up such names and spreading them hahaha!"

Rui heaved a sigh of resignation and amusement as the Emperor indulged himself in a good laugh before finally calming down.

"I assume you were the one who named me," Rui remarked.

"No, actually," The Emperor shook his head. "Your name was given to you by your mother."

"…I see," Rui remarked as he grew silent.

He had never known his biological mother. However, she sounded like an incredible person the more the Emperor spoke about her. He felt a pang of sorrow that he never had the opportunity to get to know her.

"…So my father is the Emperor of Kandria. The man who gave me a family and home that I have long come to love as truly my own, who protected me before I discovered my Martial Path, who watched over me my entire life…" Rui murmured.

The Emperor did not respond, staring at Rui calmly.

"…Who then, thirty-one years later, exposes my identity before the entire world and then declares me his heir." Rui's eyes sharpened slightly.

His resentment towards the Emperor had reduced greatly after he learned that his father had not only given him the Quarrier Orphanage but also saved his life as a child. However, the fact that his father had derailed his life by exposing his identity and crowning him as his unofficial heir still remained.

It hadn't been that long since the revelation had been disclosed.

Not even an hour. V/\IssịT n0(v)eL/b(i)(n).𝘤𝑜/𝓂 for the b/est novel reading experi/en/ce

That was why it had yet to settle in and become his reality and normality, but Rui knew that his life had been forever changed in every way.

Nothing would ever remain the same.



Chapter 1758 Requirements of a Ruler

A massive permanent change to his life had happened abruptly a short while ago.

He hadn't even fully processed it, certainly not emotionally.

But on a rational level, he obviously understood that the Emperor had some high expectations of him.

The Emperor wanted Rui to succeed him and ascend the throne.

"Why me?" Rui's voice grew solemn.

The Emperor stared at him calmly.

"Because you are worthy."

"…"

A deep silence echoed through the throne hall.

Sage Sayfeel had suppressed his aura entirely, reducing his presence to that of an ordinary human being.

He, more than anybody else, understood the depth of importance of this moment.

It was a moment that would alter the future of Kandria for the rest of time.

Nothing could be allowed to disrupt it.

"Worthy…?"

"Worthy." The Emperor reaffirmed.

"I am worthy even though I do not desire the throne?" Rui narrowed his eyes.

A soft smile appeared on Emperor Rael's face.

"You are worthy because you do not desire the throne."

Rui's eyebrows rose at those words, stirring in response.

"I told you," The Emperor continued. "I have watched you your entire life. In some ways, I know you better than yourself."

The Emperor closed his eyes. "You understood the core of the Kandrian Empire. You understood our greatest strength. You understood the pillar that sustains this powerhouse of a nation." V/\IssịT n0(v)eL/b(i)(n).𝘤𝑜/𝓂 for the b/est novel reading experi/en/ce

Rui stared at him. "…The delicate balance between the many forces and powers of Kandria is what allowed this nation to rise. This delicate balance that you yourself hand-crafted three centuries ago is the reason our nation does not collapse into the civil war you averted long ago. In other words, balance is the Kandrian lifeline."

The Emperor smiled. "Indeed. Thus, in the Kandrian context, harmony is the most important thing a ruler must have. Harmony is not just in their policy but in temperament. The correlation between temperament and political philosophy has been empirically demonstrated and quite rigorously explored at length in the research literature of political psychology."

His tone grew instructive.

"For example," He continued. "You have people like Raul with high trait neuroticism and high trait agreeableness, traits that statistically correlate with dovish and pacifist political philosophies, on one end, and people like Randal, who have low trait openness, high conscientiousness, and low trait agreeableness, have a seventy-eight percent chance of having a hawkish foreign policy."

His eyes met with Rui's. "Thus, a balanced temperament is highly desirable in my chosen heir. None of the seven possess a balanced temperament, and their political philosophy reflects that."

"…And I do?" Rui asked, curious. It became evident to him that one of the many areas of expertise that the Emperor had was in the domain of psychology. Some of the jargon that he uttered reminded Rui of that of psychology back on Earth.

The Emperor considered the question. "Not inherently, no. In some ways, you are worse than Randal. You have extremely high trait conscientiousness, as driven martial artists often are; you are extraordinarily driven—extraordinarily driven to this so-called Project Water. If not for your consideration and care for your family, you most likely would be extreme. The only difference is that your sheer competence and extraordinary intellect mean that there is a high chance that you have a high chance of actually succeeding in an extreme endeavor. Far more so than someone like Randal and Ranea, for example."

Rui shrugged, considering the Emperor's evaluation.

He didn't strictly disagree.

If not for his family, then he would have gone for whichever route helped with Project Water. Perhaps he would have more open to prince Randal's or Princess Ranea's ambitions to increase his experience as a Martial Artist.

The impact on the average Kandrian citizen would be a much smaller concern for him. Certainly nowhere near as it was now.

"So I'm only a worthy candidate so long as nothing happened to my family?" Rui stared at the Emperor with a judging gaze.

"Normally, that would be the case," The Emperor remarked. "In your case, however, your competence is so abnormally high that virtually any extreme inclination can be justified. For example, the strategic and tactical insight and capability that you demonstrated when you completely overturned an ambush assassination into a trap to gain complete control over those who sought to eliminate you was perhaps the greatest counter-trap that I have seen in the past century."

An appreciative, impressed expression appeared on his face. "On top of that, not a single Martial Master has contradicted the report that your capacity for thought is extraordinary. Your Martial Art possessed a degree of information processing that is hitherto undreamt of in the Martial community…"

He paused before continuing. "That isn't the extent of the reason for my confidence in your competence, and it's an evaluation based on a large amount of data. Your remarkable diplomatic success in Vilun Island and your current status as Senior Ambassador of the Martial Union are the brilliant powerplays underlying your success in the Shionel confederation, and many more have led me to the conclusion that you are deeply gifted mentally and possess what is needed to ensure that the Empire doesn't burn down."

Rui stared at him silently as he considered the Emperor's words.

"So I possess the right inclination and the right competence to be Emperor…but without desire to ascend the throne…" He remarked. "You ruled out my many other half-brothers and half-sisters as candidates because they didn't desire the throne, did you not? Why do you not rule me out for the same reason?"

"The reason I ruled them out is because they know they do not possess the temperament nor the competence to successfully win the Kandrian Throne War even if they tried," The Emperor scoffed. "It is not because of a lack of desire for the throne. Almost every prince and princess is raised with a deep desire and admiration for the throne cultivated from childhood. A brutal set of psychological programming tactics is employed to ensure that the princes and princesses inherit a drive for the throne. Those that are unable to sustain it do so because their incompetence makes their drive untenable."



Chapter 1759 Not a Good Father

Rui sharpened his eyes at the Emperor's ruthless eyes.

The Emperor shared a nuance that he hadn't considered before. In hindsight, Rui wasn't surprised that part of the grooming, education, and raising of royals included instilling a drive to inherit the throne. N/nêw n0vel chap/ers are published o/n n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

In that case, it was true that the royals who had still failed to retain a drive for the throne simply were not temperamentally inclined towards inheriting the throne. In that case, Rui understood why the Emperor had simply dismissed them as candidates for being his heir.

"Regardless of the reason, the fact of the matter is that I do not desire the throne in any way," Rui narrowed his eyes. "You, who claims to know me better than myself, still chose to name me as your unofficial heir. What am I to infer from that?"

"You can infer what you want, my son," The Emperor replied.

The air grew electric.

"Alright then," Rui glared at his father. "What I am to infer is that you stayed out of my life my entire life, and now that you need a good heir for the throne, you have decided to drag me out of my previously normal life and exposed my identity as a prince and crowned me an unofficial heir in order to make me participate in the Kandrian Throne War, win, and become the next Emperor of Harmony."

A tumultuous tension boiled between father and son.

The Emperor met Rui's accusatory glare with clear eyes.

A single remark escaped his mouth.

"Everything you have uttered is accurate."

Rui stirred, surprised that the Emperor readily admitted to exploiting Rui to fulfill his own political visions for the future of Kandria.

"You would disrupt your son's life for the sake of the nation?" Rui stared at him, his anger overtaken with astonishment.

The Emperor stared at Rui, heaving a deep sigh. "A good father would do the opposite. He would prioritize the well-being of his son over that of the Empire, but…"

He closed his eyes. "I am not a good father."

He inhaled deeply, meeting Rui's eyes again. "I am a good emperor. An emperor who does what is necessary for the future of Kandria."

Rui furrowed his eyebrows as his father readily admitted to exploiting his son for politics. "At least you admit it. You're not nearly as bad a father as you would be had you tried denying it."

"I don't deny my intentions," The Emperor affirmed. "However, your well-being and the life that you led up until now do not entirely need to come at the cost of becoming Emperor. I hope you realize that."

Rui snorted. "You think I can pursue my Martial Path while simultaneously running a Sage-level powerhouse nation?"

"It's not necessarily impossible," The Emperor remarked. You don't need to micromanage the Empire. Your most important role is giving direction to the Empire and ensuring that you push it in the right direction. What that means is that there is immense room for delegation. Let tasks be handled by people who have dedicated their lives to specializing in handling those tasks."

Rui narrowed his eyes. "That will still be an enormous responsibility even if things go as smoothly as you think they will. Worst of all, I will be shackled to the throne. I will not be able to explore this world and expose myself to it on my voyage to fulfilling my ambition. I will be unable to partake in any meaningful real battle that will give me the experience I need to refine my Martial Art as I develop it."

As Rui began fully regaining his calm and composure for the first time since the revelation, the many disadvantages of being Emperor came flooding back to him as his mind accurately extensively projected and extrapolated many possible models of what his life would be like.

"Considering the division of power within the government and the delicate balance of powers within the Kandrian Empire that require delicate tending to…" Rui snorted. "The theoretical absolute best-case scenario is that I have around forty percent of the day to myself."

The Emperor smiled appreciatively. "Those were indeed around my estimations as well, perhaps even less depending on how much of how large the error parameter centered around your inexperience with administrative and managerial responsibilities is and how well you delegate them."

"I'm a Martial Artist," Rui growled. "Spending sixty percent of my day on the duties of the throne is not something that I am inclined to do. I gain absolutely nothing from this proposition!"

While Rui had suffered more heart attacks than he could count on this day, he had not been shocked to forget knowing what mattered to him personally.

"Come now, I understand your sentiment, but we both know that's not entirely true," The Emperor smiled. "You cannot begin to fathom the kind of resources that I can get my hands on. Resources so unfathomably precious that Martial Artists would die to get their hands on them."

Rui cursed inwardly as a hint of greed flashed in his eyes. "…

What kind of resources are we talking about?"

The Emperor's mischievous smile deepened. "Wouldn't you like to know?"

Rui glared at his father. "You really are a horrible dad."

"Hahaha!" Emperor Rael began laughing heartily as Rui began cursing him.

"Ohhh…" The Emperor heaved a pleased sigh. "I cannot recall the last time that I had such a good laugh."

His eyes returned to a grumpy Rui. "Think about it. I won't force you to become Emperor. I cannot, anyway. If you publicly announce your abandonment of the throne, you will not have to become Emperor, although you will not be able to get rid of the status of Prince. Ultimately, it is your choice. Making hasty, ill-thought decisions is not your modus operandi. Besides, there is one variable impacting your decision that we haven't spoken about."

Rui winced; they both knew what he was talking about.

"The orphanage," The Emperor remarked. "You now have the opportunity to give them the life that you always desire they had."



Chapter 1760  Hope Till The Very End



Rui narrowed his eyes.

He didn't like the fact that the Emperor had brought this matter up in the middle of a conversation.

"…Give them a normal life?" Rui growled. "That option was gone the second you exposed my identity as a prince. You just put a target on their backs!" Thê sourc𝗲 of this conte/nt n/o/v/(𝒆l)bi((n))

The Emperor heaved a sigh. "Yes, but it can be undone if you choose to become Emperor. You can still give them a good life with the powerful royal protection that you won't have access to as a prince. You can ensure that they go about their lives as normally as they did before with the power of the Kandrian Empire."

Rui stared at him intensely as he considered the proposition.

It was true that the power of the Emperor could grant them enormous protection without sacrificing their daily lives.

However, that would mean needing to become Emperor to solve a problem caused by the fact that he was revealed to be a prince.

Emperor Rael was far too intelligent and competent not to have foreseen this when he planned to disclose Rui's identity to the entire world.

"You are truly shameless," Rui glared at him. "It makes me want to flip a middle finger to the throne just to spite you."

Emperor Rael did not laugh this time. "Shame is an impediment to rulers. You will have to abandon it should you choose to ascend the throne that I will leave behind."

The Emperor closed his eyes. "The decision to save Kandria from ruin or not is entirely yours."

Rui tutted at the emotional blackmail even as Emperor Rael smirked.

Unfortunately, as much as Rui disliked it, the Emperor was right.

Rui rarely made ill-thought decisions. Most decisions he made were made after great consideration.

And if there ever was any decision to truly sit down and think about, it would be this decision. A decision that would easily be the most important decision that he had ever made in his entire life. His eyes wandered with uncertainty as he stood, frozen in place.

"Take your time," The Emperor remarked. "You are not in a state of mind to make the decision even if you managed to consider all the many considerations needed to make a decision. Go home, spend some time with your loved ones."

The Emperor closed his eyes. "We will speak another time. This discussion comes to an end.

CLACK

The giant doors at the other end of the throne hall opened.

Rui's eyes shifted to meet those of his father one last time before he turned around, leaving wordlessly.

The Emperor heaved a heavy sigh, pulling out a locket that hung at his chest. CLICK

It opened, revealing a picture.

A youthful, happier Rael with a beaming woman by his side.

Memories of a long-gone time rushed through his mind.

CLICK

He closed it, glancing at Sage Sayfeel. "…How do you think I did?"

"…"

"It's at times like these where you're the most useless," The Emperor scoffed.

His aged hands strained, lifting the crown from atop his head and onto his lap. "…I don't think it could have gone any better or worse, honestly."

He closed his eyes. "Any report on…?"

"…Yes, Your Majesty," Sage Sayfeel answered. "I have observed it religiously with my senses and instincts during the two years you slumbered. Based on my experience and observation, in my estimation…the Beast Domain is stirring."

Emperor Rael narrowed his eyes. "…The Great Purge may not be too far into the future," Sage Sayfeel's voice grew grave. Emperor Rael's demeanor grew deeply solemn and severe. "This does not bode well for human civilization."

His eyes returned to Sage Sayfeel. "I suppose you failed to accomplish the primary objective as well?"

Sage Sayfeel bowed his head apologetically. "I was unable to locate the Divine Doctor. Although we know he is in the Beast Domain. It hampered my sensory prowess too much, I am afraid."

The Emperor heaved a sigh. The loss of Miriam also meant the loss of the Eye of Prophecy. Without that, he had come back to square one when it came to finding the Divine Doctor. The Divine Doctor had turned out to be one the most inscrutable people in existence. Not even the Silas Clan was as absurdly difficult to track as the Divine Doctor.

The only progress that he had made in that regard was that the Divine Doctor was somewhere in the Beast Domain. Aside from that, there was no other information. That was the only thing that Rael had been able to learn after years of investigation and information gathering.

The fact that a normal physical human could not just survive but also thrive in the Beast Domain was something that Emperor Rael did not understand. He chalked it up, of course, to the superhuman mind that the man was born with.

"On top of that, I do not think I will be able to compel him to come to your aid," Sage Sayfeel bowed his head. "Our investigations have revealed that not even Martial Sages are able to earn the respect of the Divine Doctor. He can only be compelled by Martial Transcendents or…'kindred souls' by his own words, allegedly. The probability that I will be able to find him and bring him back is…"

'Extremely low' was what Sage Sayfeel left unspoken.

"…So be it," Emperor Rael smiled with acceptance. "My time has come. Thanks to Miriam, I have learned to accept what cannot be changed and never lose hope no…matter.….wha..."

His eyelids grew heavy.

His vision blurred.

His consciousness dimmed, burying deep inside his mind as he entered a deep slumber once more.

"Your Majesty!" Say Sayfeel's cried as he rushed forward to support the Emperor.

The duration of consciousness was even lower than before, and it appeared that the Emperor's condition had worsened by yet another notch as he rapidly returned to deathly slumber not long after he woke out of it.



