Chapter 2310: Two Options

﻿

"Increasing the performance of your brain through increased local blood flow to the organ, hm?" the Divine Doctor remarked as he studied a tissue sample of the alien lifeform. "Not a bad plan, not if you ignore the risks of a blood vessel rupture."

Rui nodded. "That is precisely why I came to consult you on the matter."

It was actually surprisingly difficult to get in touch with the Divine Doctor, who was thoroughly immersed in his research. The man was unwilling to meet with anybody.

Or, almost anybody.

"Well, I suppose I can't afford to have my stethoscope suffer brain damage." He heaved the slightest of sighs as his clinical gaze fixed on Rui. "Your idea has merit, however, it has risks that you have already surmised. What you need to do is ensure that the additional blood pressure is not high enough to strain the blood-brain barrier. That is the key."

Rui fell into thought at the doctor's words.

The blood-brain barrier was a membrane that existed between the blood and the interstitium of the brain. It essentially prevented blood from coming into direct contact with the neurons of the brain, thus ensuring that there was always separation between the two.

It went without saying that any damage the barrier suffered could very easily mean brain damage.

"So, do I regulate my blood pressure and ensure that it doesn't strain the blood-brain barrier?" Rui raised an eyebrow. "Or do I somehow increase the durability of the blood-brain barrier?"

The Divine Doctor simply shrugged nonchalantly. "That's up to you. Both options have their drawbacks. The former is safer at the cost of power. While the latter is far more difficult and risky to actually achieve, it will produce much greater results if you succeed."

Rui stared at the man as he considered his words.

Ideally, he would love to increase the durability of his blood-brain barrier to ensure that the membrane could handle the full force of his Mind Metabody. However, he had no idea how he would even go about it.

"Would a sort of conditioning technique even work?" Rui frowned. "If I subjected the membrane to strain and then consumed healing potions to ensure that it healed from the strain, it would heal stronger, right?"

Interest glinted in the Divine Doctor's eyes. "You are considering rather dangerous lines of reasoning."

"...But it would work, right?"

"Theoretically, yes. The blood-brain barrier is comprised of tissue that is able to naturally regenerate, making it viable for conditioning," the Divine Doctor casually commented. "If you seek to condition your blood-brain barrier, then you have to speak to a conditioning expert. While I am indeed the greatest doctor and biotechnologist in this world, it does not mean that I am the greatest expert on applied Martial sciences. The greatest experts in those tend to be Martial Artists. In this case, it is the same Martial Artist from whom you got the technique in the first place."

Rui felt the same way as well. "Sir Armstrong."

The Divine Doctor nodded. "When it comes to applying knowledge to train one's body, there may very well be no one in this world who is able to rival him as he is now. I suspect that he will tell you the exact same thing that I did. Perhaps he has a method to engage in such niche conditioning."

Rui was inclined to agree. "I do intend to consult him on the matter. However, I presume I will have your medical services when the time comes. I'm not saying that something will happen, but if it does, then you are pretty much the only hope that I have."

"I'm willing to be present. But be warned, there are limits to even what I can do when it comes to grave injuries relating to the brain."

Rui nodded. "I have no intention of letting that happen."

Of course, his intentions were never the issue. If anything did go wrong, it would be despite his intentions and best efforts.n/o/vel/b//in dot c//om

He knew that.

Thus, he intended to take every precaution he could before embarking on this dangerous training regime. In terms of pure risk, it likely exceeded anything that he had ever taken in his entire life. Not even the inheritance from the Elder Tree posed as much of a risk to Rui.

And the Divine Doctor had a point when it came to the injuries he suffered. The man was a brilliant genius who had figured out the cure to pretty much every disease and had gained an unprecedented understanding of life, but that didn't mean that he could guarantee a fix for permanent brain damage caused by extremely risky training.

"I don't mind if the safer path of simply regulating blood pressure and reducing the extent to which I redirect blood to the brain is the only way to make this work," Rui confirmed. "However, if there is a way to minimize the risk of conditioning my blood-brain barrier, then I would like to go for it."

He wondered if the Gatekeeper did indeed have some way to do it. Previously, Rui would have said no, but considering that in the span of ten years, the Gatekeeper had been able to create a powerful system of thought that allowed him to hyper-accelerate his Body development, it might be worth asking him If there was one who was equipped to advise on how to ensure his idea of a Mind Metabody was minimal of risk, it was the Gatekeeper

Rui would normally feel pretty mixed about relying on him a second time. However, it was a good thing that the Gatekeeper felt deeply indebted to him. There was no better person to have owed one a big favor than the Gatekeeper. As the man was right now, he was probably the most useful and valuable Master in the Kandrian Empire after Rui for his revolutionary prowess in physical evolution.

He had no qualms with making use of the man's specialty to enhance his own. After all, the man had done the same, and it was about time that Rui made use of his knowledge.



Chapter 2311: Revolutionary Developments

﻿
Nôv(el)B\\jnn

The Gatekeeper breathed deeply as he focused his mind on his inner body. His Martial Mind did not give him exterior senses in combat the way that other Martial Minds typically did for Masters.

Instead, it gave him the ability to sense his own body at a depth he thought impossible. It allowed him to engage in targeted training on the sub-cellular level in almost any part of his Body in almost any fashion.

It was entirely useless in combat but was nothing short of a massive trump card in his training. Just these senses alone would have been enough to revolutionize his training. Yet, the processing power of the Martial Mind allowed him to go even further beyond.

Even as he sat engaged in extremely high-level training, he could feel his Body growing stronger by the second, even if by a very minute amount.

It wouldn't be too long before his Martial Body's normal power would come to match that of the Martial Heart, allowing him to thoroughly defeat Seniors without a Martial Heart at all.

In turn, his Martial Heart alone would be enough to allow him to fight Martial Masters head-

on.

He was grateful for the manifold's existence at times like these.

There was no Martial Artist in existence who was more suited for the treasure than he was.

His Martial Mind needed time more than anything else. Time was his greatest constraint, and it would have prevented him from matching with his peers under ordinary circumstances. However, thanks to this treasure that the Void Prince had found in the Beast Domain, he was able to overcome one of his greatest shortcomings relative to others. Of course, he was also aware that the manifold merely accelerated what was to come; it did not allow him to reach greater heights than he would have otherwise; it just allowed him to sooner reach what he would always reach, and no more.

On top of that, it aged him far faster. Thus, he felt a deep pressure to make the best use of the time so that he didn't waste his own lifespan. Even with the recent influx of longevity potions that he too had consumed, it would be truly difficult to prolong his life centuries longer.

The only way he could merit more was by contributions to Martial Art or by reaching the Sage Realm.

Both of these inevitably meant more power.

That was precisely what he was doing at the moment.

He was endeavoring on what might be one of the greatest techniques of his life. A technique that radically altered his digestion system with conditioning to make it able to absorb foreign esoteric substances, automatically condition the Body to their toxicity and reactions with other substances, and then integrate them into the Body in the most effective manner possible.

He called it Body Cultivation.

It was something that would revolutionize not just his own Body, but also all of Martial Art if he succeeded.

Another technique that he had been working on developing in the long term was what he called Evolutionary Conditioning.

Ordinary conditioning relied on principles like Wolffe's Law, which stated that bones would adapt by growing thicker and denser when subjected to force and pressure. A similar principle was true for the entire body, allowing for essentially everything to be conditioned.

However, he was approaching the limits of ordinary conditioning, which was why he relied on the power of esoteric materia to further his power and propel him to Master-level combat.

"Yet, it is not my limit." His eyes opened, flaring with ambition. "I seek the power of true physical evolution."

He sought the kind of qualitative change that his body underwent in the Squire Evolution process.

Genetic Evolution.

To be able to achieve evolution similar to the Squire evolution process without its radiation limits.

He had engaged in lesser versions when he applied the principle of 'survival of the fittest' to his own cells.

But this had its limits.

Without the black box that was the element of radiation that served as the stimulus for genetic change-for change in the very fundamental blueprint of who one was-it was impossible to achieve the radical evolution that Squire Evolution gave an Apprentice.

He had already consulted the Divine Doctor, who confirmed that it wasn't impossible to achieve radical genetic change without radiation.

"No other method I know is as powerful as radiation, and they are all far more dangerous and lethal; I estimate the probability of survival to be less than one percent," the doctor had nonchalantly told the Gatekeeper. "You can try them if you want to commit suicide creatively, I suppose."

Still, he hadn't given up. The Divine Doctor was undoubtedly the greatest medical humanity, but that didn't mean he knew everything that was possible. There was a vast variety of untapped esoteric material science and other sciences that could potentially help him overcome this incredibly difficult challenge. There were potentially Martial solutions in the higher Realms that could help him with what he needed. He had consulted a variety of people on the matter in search of a potential solution, though none of them were able to help him with what he needed.

"Come to think of it..." His eyes narrowed.

There was one person he had yet to consult.

One who was perhaps the most promising of them all.

He hesitated because he was already extremely indebted to the man and didn't want to ask for a favor before he repaid the rest of his debt. Although the Void Prince was not the kind of man who cared about such things, it was a principle that the Gatekeeper adhered to deeply.

CLACK

The door opened, drawing his attention.

Out of pure coincidence, the man he was thinking about popped his head in.

"Sorry to disturb you," Rui apologized. "I want to consult you about something. Actually, it's related to what I consulted you about a year ago. Could you indulge me a bit?"

An uncharacteristic smile cracked at the edge of Sir Armstrong's mouth. "I would be relieved

to."



Chapter 2312 Unavailable Solutions

n/ô/vel/b//in dot c//om

"…And so, I came back to you to consult you on whether the risks can be minimized."

The Gatekeeper listened to Rui's objectives, circumstances, and predicament with patience. It wasn't until Rui was done with his elaborate explanations of the matter that he offered his initial thoughts on the matter.

"A fascinating application of my technique that I have neither considered nor am interested in considering for my own personal usage," Sir Armstrong remarked. "However, I can understand why you would be deeply interested in this application thereof. The risks associated with conditioning the blood-brain barrier can be mitigated if the resolution of your senses is deep enough. This would allow you to witness exactly when the precise point of no-return is."

Rui frowned. "That's a sub-cellular level of microscopic resolution. Masters can discern individual cells to varying degrees depending on our senses, but that's not enough in this case. The membrane is porous enough to allow for the smooth exchange of gases and other organic molecules. In order to be able to detect the point of no return just before it's too late, I would need an even deeper sense. I would need to be able to perceive the very gaps through which the exchange of molecules occurs. That's not really a viable suggestion for me."

"…I suppose that's true. It is a level of resolution that I'm able to witness within my own Body, but I see now that it is indeed not a solution accessible to you." Sir Armstrong fell into thought. "Unfortunately, I am unable to speak thereto from my own personal experience because of how different my Martial Mind is. It is challenging for me to come up with a solution that is suited to the circumstances of the average Martial Master."

"Wait…" Rui frowned. "You can study your own Body at sub-cellular level?"

"And deeper," the Gatekeeper replied lightly, still immersed in thought about the predicament that Rui was consulting him about. "I have been able to build upon the foundation of anatomy, physiology, and cytology that I gained from the Divine Doctor with my own personal insights that have aided my body cultivation, conditioning, and evolution."

"That's incredible…" Rui faintly murmured. "No wonder you are progressing so quickly. Your Martial Body is far, far stronger than it was the last time we spoke. It makes sense that your senses and processing are also geared towards aiding you in training, which results in such ridiculous outcomes."

"Forsooth, but it is of no avail when it comes to passing on my developments to others such as yourself."

Rui considered his words. "If it's just about powerful senses, then I could get a Martial Sage to aid me with my training. Their senses are surely more powerful than yours in all regards by an enormous margin. Thus, they should be able to detect the point of no-return that you mentioned."

The Gatekeeper's stirred at Rui's suggestion with a knowing gaze. "That is indeed a resourceful solution, however…"

"Yeah, I know." Rui heaved a sigh. "The Martial Sages are too busy to babysit my training for a month or two."

Perhaps he had enough power and influence in the Kandrian Empire to make this request to one of them under other circumstances. However, there was absolutely no way that he could get away with a request like this in the middle of a war. And frankly, nor would he want to.

Martial Sages played the most important role in this war by far. All of Rui's treasures in the world didn't matter if the Kandrian Empire didn't possess the power to protect them and themselves from the storm of upheavals they would cause.

Diverting the precious time that Martial Sage spent protecting the Kandrian Empire and its allies to helping Rui train a new technique that wasn't going to significantly impact the war was the height of foolishness.

He doubted that any of them would agree to waste their time on this matter. While he certainly possessed the political power of a Martial Sage, in times like this, their significance to the nation far exceeded derivative power such as political power.

"Anything else?" Rui asked with a hopeful glint in his eyes.

"…Solutions exist, but I am unable to pass almost any of them on to you for one reason or another," Sir Armstrong replied with a heavy tone. "As I said, my Martial Mind is too unique for it. However, one potential solution that comes to mind is the power of esoteric substances. Specifically, anything that will continuously heal or regenerate your blood-brain barrier instantaneously so that you don't have to worry about timing the conditioning right. As long as you ensure that the rate of healing matches the rate of conditioning, you will have achieved what you want."

Rui mulled over the man's words. "I'm assuming that healing potions don't work more due to practical constraints. It would take an absurd amount of healing potions, more than I can justify, continuously pumped into me to ensure that I don't have to care about timing."

The Gatekeeper nodded. "Additionally, you can't consume them when exhaling them, leading to all sorts of problems."

Rui considered his words. "When you say continuously heal or regenerate me instantly, you mean something like the Tree of Healings?"

Rui hadn't forgotten that one of the reasons that the Sage assault had failed was that the Sekigaharan Sages had consumed fruits from the Tree of Healings, allowing them to heal from the critical wounds that had been inflicted on them. It was a remarkably powerful resource when in the hands of Martial Sages.

"The Tree of Healings is indeed one such resource."

However, neither saw the need to mention the obvious.

There was absolutely no way that Rui could get his hands on one of the fruits from the Tree of Healings because it was the treasure of a Sage-level powerhouse that hated his guts more than anyone except his father. There was no way that anyone in the nation would be willing to help him out.

"Damn, I wish I had someone in the Sekigahara Confederate who could get their hands on the fruit."

-



Chapter 2313 Possible Avenues of Acquisition



When it became clear that the Gatekeeper had no easy solutions as to how Rui could mitigate the risks, Rui had to make a choice.

Was he to go on and take the risks anyway, or would he go for the safer option?

It wasn't an easy choice, not at all.

He truly wanted to gain the power of a Mind Metabody. Not even he could imagine just how powerful it would be due to its enormous compatibility. It had the potential to be for him what Fulminata Godspeed was to Kane—a technique that amplified his greatest strengths.

He truly wanted to explore it to its greatest limits without needing to worry about rupturing his blood-brain barrier.

However…

"The risks are too high."

Indeed, more brainpower was highly attractive, but his Martial Path was not Enhanced Cognition. It was Adaptive Evolution. While he was indeed highly compatible and synergetic with it, he was not going to risk everything for the sake of greater brainpower. There was no point in achieving greater brainpower if it meant losing his brain.

In other words, he was willing to settle for a lowered version of the technique.

For now, at least. Nôv(el)B\\jnn

"There are ways to get a fruit from the Tree of Healings in the future," Rui fell into thought about the matter. "Once we make it through the war, it will become highly feasible and practical to get my hands on a fruit from the Tree of Healings."

The Kandrian Empire would enjoy extreme success if it managed to weather the alliance's war to destroy it. Once it overcame the Great Limit, or even before that, it would have the power to bully the Sekigahara Confederate into submission all by itself. Then, getting his hands on the fruit would be much easier.

Additionally, now that his identity as the one responsible for the breakthroughs had been revealed, he could potentially leverage it to make a deal with the Sekigahara Confederate and get a fruit in return.

There was no doubt that the Sekigahara Confederate was deeply hurting and desperate for more Masters after Kane wiped out almost all of the retreating Masters. There was a decent chance that they would be willing to give him a fruit in exchange for breaking some of their Seniors to the Master Realm.

Of course, they hated him too much at the moment and weren't exactly the most sane folks around. So Rui wasn't entirely sure if they would come around.

"On top of that, who knows? I might get my hands on something similar from the loot we get from the Beast Domain."

Multiple times a day, the Kandrian Empire received Martial adventurers who returned home with major successes from the Beast Domain. Thus, there existed the possibility that he would run into something that would solve his problem.

"Unlikely," Sir Armstrong calmly replied. "The Tree of Healings of the Sekigahara Confederate is not something that you will be able to find a replacement for easily. It is a deeply powerful esoteric treasure that makes fighting against their top fighters a true hassle."

Rui shrugged. "Perhaps, but the possibility exists. Regardless, I'm not inclined to take risks with my brain unless the reason to do so is truly forcing, and in this case, it just isn't."

Rui had weighed the pros and the cons heavily and had firmly decided it was not worth the risk.

"Do not assume that the less risky path of the two choices is without risks," Sir Armstrong warned him. "Or that it is without power. It may be more limited, but it will still have a significant impact on your cognition."

Rui smiled. "That makes me more excited. Tell me what all the risks are and what way is best to overcome them?"

"Hm, the greatest risk comes from impacts of higher blood pressure on your circulatory system and your heart," the Gatekeeper explained. "While Martial Bodies like ours can handle an immense amount of pressure, you will still need some mild conditioning to ensure that the risk of anything going wrong is minimal."

Rui nodded as the two of them continued exchanging ideas on how he ought to go about the matter. The Gatekeeper's many insights into the kind of training that was most optimal for the goal that Rui had set out to achieve were deeply useful.

He had already begun constructing a dedicated training regime for his new Mind Metabody technique, ensuring that it fulfilled the many conditions that such a technique would need to be safe.

He would need to ensure that he conditioned some of the more fragile organs that had a lower threshold of tolerance for high blood pressure. He would especially need to condition his heart to ensure that it was able to push back against the high blood pressure of the technique and continue pumping without a problem.

Of course, this was not without risk, but compared to anything related to the brain, it wasn't very risky.

"In addition, you need to understand that this technique will inevitably increase the strain on your brain," Sir Armstrong cautioned. "It will amount to lower stamina and even more sleep needed to recuperate from the effects of the Martial Mind due to the additional strain. And considering the stunt you pulled off during Operation Clean-Up, grateful as I am, I am worried you will push yourself past your limits once more. With this technique in the equation, however, you will not be able to get away with merely a month of sleep."

Rui winced, nodding. "Valid, I'll keep that in mind. Thanks for all your valuable inputs into the matter. There was a much higher chance that something would go wrong without your aid, so I'm grateful."

The elderly Master shook his head. "I have told you before, this is just a drop in the massive debt that I must repay you. If anything, it is I who is grateful. Now, good luck in your Martial endeavors."

-



Chapter 2314 Commenced Training

n/ô/vel/b//in dot c//om

Rui immediately dove into Project Megamind after he finished his consultation with the Gatekeeper. That was the name that he designated for his current idea that he was determined to see through to the end.

The Gatekeeper had allowed Rui to get a much better idea of his constraints and risks. While the Divine Doctor possessed astronomically more knowledge, Sir Armstrong was able to leverage five centuries of experience to understand the practical hurdles and challenges that Rui would be able to overcome in Martial Art training.

This allowed Rui to skip a lot of redundant testing phases that he would have otherwise needed to learn what he got from the man.

Project Megamind involved two phases.

The first phase was general conditioning for several parts of his body, including but not limited to the circulatory system, some of his internal organs, and, most importantly, his heart.

He planned to go beyond ordinary conditioning and apply regenerative conditioning that relied on healing potions for a more powerful effect. It would ensure that absolutely nothing could go wrong on the battlefield when he used the technique against his enemies.

The second phase involved applying the breathing and muscle techniques that the Gatekeeper had developed to redirect blood to any body part. Once that was done, he would have completed the technique and would only need to gain some combat experience with it. "Man, it sure is convenient modifying techniques to suit your needs."

Had he tried creating the technique from scratch, it would have taken much longer than it was shaping up to. When creating techniques from square one, he needed to create literally every part of the technique from the very beginning to the end, all by himself. Of course, there were massive benefits to doing so.

He often ended up with extraordinary and revolutionary grade-ten techniques that leveraged high principles and were deeply synergetic with him or his Martial Path. However, that didn't mean that it was the only way to obtain such techniques.

He knew that when it came to techniques, he was the exception rather than the rule. Most Martial Artists relied on modification rather than on creating new techniques from nothing because it was just easier. Most of them found it difficult to create techniques from scratch and considered it highly impractical, if not impossible, to develop one's Martial Art that way. And he couldn't blame them.

Modifying pre-existing techniques to suit them was far more convenient. They could use pre-existing foundations, saving them the difficulty and effort of creating new ones each time.

Modifying pre-existing techniques to suit them was far more convenient. They could use pre-existing foundations, saving them the difficulty and effort of creating new ones each time.

Furthermore, considering that Martial Art had become the dominant force in the world with thousands of Masters, hundreds of Sages, and thirteen Transcendents, it was hard to say that this approach was flawed.

Still, Rui preferred creating his own technique from scratch a majority of the time. He had access to high principles that the rest of the world simply did not, and it helped him satisfy the individuality conditions needed to break through to higher Realms much quicker.

It was one of the reasons that he broke through to the Senior and Master Realm as quickly as he had. He had imbued his Martial Art with a monstrous amount of individuality with each grade-ten technique he created all by himself.

In this case, however, he didn't feel the need to try and create a different principle to empower his brain cognition. It was just pointless to do so. In the first place, he had gotten the idea to apply the principle to his brain, so the objective fundamentally included the technique that the Gatekeeper imparted to him. "In this case, I'm far more interested in the outcome. I can't wait to master and apply this technique in the war."

He immediately began with the first phase of the technique.

He inhaled deeply as he tightened a variety of muscles while relaxing the rest, causing a major pressure imbalance across his Body.

Instantly, he could feel the heaviness that one felt with high blood pressure in certain parts of his Body as his circulatory system tightened, experiencing greater pressure from both inside and outside.

The initial parts of phase one would be slow but would ensure that he gained a strong foundation in handling and resisting the blood pressure increases from the blood flow manipulation technique that the Gatekeeper gave him. A few months would go into just that. Only after he built some measure of normal conditioning resistance to the blood pressure could he go with higher forms of conditioning.

"Fuuu…"

He heaved a deep breath as he could sense the blood in him relocating to different parts of his Body. The parts of his Body that received a massive influx of blood experienced a burning-like sensation.

As well as a surge of power.

If not for the fact that the former was to be expected according to the technique booklet that the Gatekeeper gave him, he would have been concerned.

He felt his left arm weakening with discomfort while his right arm felt more alive than ever, allowing him. "Amazing…" Rui murmured as he studied the effects. "I'm just doing the basics, but it's already so good. How good will it get once I master blood flow manipulation?"

He couldn't know. Yet, the possibilities excited him. It was possible that his cognitive power would soar so much in his Mind Metabody that he could accommodate even more systems of thought than before. Perhaps he could even return to creating new systems of thought that were exclusive to his Mind Metabody.

The possibilities were endless.

Even without the super risky and extreme version of the Mind Metabody that he was determined to get in the future, he could still experience a truly tremendous surge in the cognitive power of his newest Martial venture.

All other thoughts and matters disappeared from his mind as he immersed himself in the training regime, having completely forgotten about both his sect and the war that continued to rage on in the outside world.

-



Chapter 2315 Dangerous Man



"I am honored that the Emperor of Harmony has taken the time to personally negotiate with me," Guildmaster Bradt spoke with calm candor. "I will take the time to review and thoroughly consider the offers that you have made to me today with my advisors and formulate a decision in due time after taking into account the interests of our stakeholders."

Emperor Rael stared at him with a piercing gaze, heaving a soft sigh. "Let us dispense with meaningless fluff. What about this alliance is insufficient for you?"

The guildmaster paused for a moment as Emperor Rael tossed all the niceties aside with a question that got straight to the heart of the matter. n/ô/vel/b//in dot c//om

"…The stick hurts more than the carrot nourishes, Emperor Rael." Guildmaster Bradt closed his eyes. "While I would rather this war didn't happen at all, now that it has, I must act in my interests. Resources of the Beast Domain and the mass breakthroughs are indeed very attractive; however, I do not strictly require them to succeed in my sector. What I need are the foundations of my business, which would be deeply undermined if I made an enemy of the greatest power blocs of East Panama."

He stared at Emperor Rael with an ambivalent expression. "…It is a huge risk for great but ultimately unnecessary rewards."

Emperor Rael had anticipated this. "The Kandrian Empire's maritime and seafare industry has quadrupled in size in the nearly four years since I returned to the throne. We are able to accommodate your high flux of transport and delivery through our naval industry. I recall that this proposition was the reason that you supported my daughter Ranea during the Kandrian Throne War, was it not?"

"It indeed was," Guildmaster Bradt replied. "However, the risks were quite low for me during the Kandrian Throne War. It was only a matter of money being lost. Of course, a lot of money was painfully lost. But money can be earned back. What cannot be easily gotten back is the foundation of my business. The decades' worth of connections with polities all over East Panama sustains my transport and distribution service. I cannot let it go."

Emperor Rael narrowed his eyes. "…You are unable to part with what you have built over a lifetime. But there's more. You object to relinquishing control and ownership of your channels of distribution to a singular third party like the Kandrian Empire."

Guildmaster Bradt directed a careful glance at the Emperor of Harmony. He had boldly chosen to broach a sensitive subject that wasn't the most pleasant to bring attention to.

"…Since you have chosen to speak the unspoken, then yes," Guildmaster Bradt confirmed. "The maritime and seafaring industries of the Kandrian Empire are indeed quite impressive and desirable. However, the biggest issue with having them serve as my primary means of  distribution after I make an enemy of the alliance is that I have surrendered all control of my only means of distribution to you. You would be able to cripple my business with ease at any point if you truly wanted to."

In fact, the only reason that he was even considering allying with the Kandrian Empire at all was that the Emperor of Harmony had created an impeccable and spotless reputation for being reliable and trustworthy.

Emperor Rael had already cleverly leveraged this with powerful rewards in the future when the Kandrian Empire successfully broke past the Great Limit and reached unprecedented power and prosperity. This had earned him decent progress in the war for allies and even the serious considerations of the guildmaster.

Had it been anybody else, the guildmaster would have snorted and sided with the alliance in a heartbeat.

Yet, trust alone wasn't enough.

"…We have spoken a lot today. Why don't we consider this another time?" Emperor Rael heaved a soft sigh. "Then, I look forward to it." The Guildmaster nodded.

Emperor Rael fell into deep thought as he considered the conversation that had ensued.

A small smile cracked at the edge of his mouth.

"This is going better than I thought."

He reclined back on his chair as his smile widened. He had always known that getting the guildmaster on board was going to be a hard sell. However, the fact that the guildmaster had yet to join the alliance and was still willing to speak candidly with him was a good sign. It meant that while he had yet to accept the Kandrian Empire's offers, he wasn't inclined to join the alliance, either.

All Emperor Rael needed was a push either way, and the guildmaster would make up his mind once and for all. As long as Emperor Rael could bag the Shionel Confederation, he was fairly confident that he would have prevented the alliance from being able to gain the power they needed to annihilate the Kandrian Empire without devastating losses themselves.

There were only so many Sage-level nations, after all. A quarter of them had already made up their mind due to their close proximity to either side, giving them no real choice in the matter. It was the nations that were closer to the center that mattered the most and would be most impactful.

As long as everything went according to plan.

CLACK

Emperor Rael's gaze shifted to the immensely powerful presence that had just entered the room.

"…Mothe—"

"Don't call me that." Matriarch Nephi scowled at him. He smiled. "Well, to what do I owe the pleasure?"

"I have been scrying the Britannian Prime Minister's future since the war began, as you have requested," she answered. "I don't foresee any trouble."

Emperor Rael's eyes narrowed.

That wasn't right.

Something was off.

"You don't foresee anything that he is planning for or has in mind? No strategy, tactic, gambit, or anything of significance?"

"None at all," she remarked. "You have had me divining this man's future more than any other enemy Sage. However, I do not see the point of that. Is this man truly worth all this caution compared to the enemy Sages?"

Emperor Rael's eyes narrowed. "I can assure you that this man is the most dangerous enemy that the Kandrian Empire has."

-



Chapter 2316 Less Easy



Matriarch Nephi raised an eyebrow with a dubious glint in her eyes.

"…I can understand your skepticism." Emperor Rael shook his head. "However, you weren't here during the first and second war. We came close to loss each time, but especially the first time. This is not a man to be trifled with. He has undoubtedly honed his statesmanship and military strategy with experience in the time that I have spent dying and looking for a cure to my condition."

He narrowed his eyes as he fell into thought. "The fact that you don't foresee anything is more concerning than if you foresaw something enormous. The latter would at least be in my prediction."

His gaze shifted to the matriarch. "And you're sure that there is no way around your foresight, correct?"

She snorted. "Nothing in this world is absolute. But no lesser being should be able to deceive my foresight. It would take severe and grave measures for this to even be possible. And even then, I would almost certainly detect traces of it nonetheless. Anybody who could pull it off, and pull it off without me even realizing, would have to be extraordinarily capable."

Funnily enough, that didn't reassure Emperor Rael like she had expected it to. He had a higher opinion of Prime Minister Edward than anybody else.

His gaze fell back onto a detailed map of East Panama marked with the details of the war before him as he scrupulously analyzed his current circumstances.

The war for allies was not deprived of its own fair share of battles, with many battlefronts unfolding across the entirety of the vast expanse of East Panama. Each time the Kandrian Empire gained an ally, it also gained a new target to protect from the onslaught of the alliance.

The alliance possessed greater absolute numbers, allowing it to adopt a fruitful strategy of pressuring the allies of the Kandrian Empire with waves of attack every few days. While he wasn't indifferent to the outcome, he knew that just the fact that these attacks were conducted at all hurt the Kandrian Empire's allure to the nations who were being competed and fought for. The alliance didn't spare a single ally of the Kandrian Empire in East Panama; even if the ally was right next to the Kandrian Empire territorially, they still boldly sent Martial Artists deep into the Kandrian Empire's domain of influence.

It was a statement.

A challenge.

Emperor Rael could almost hear the Prime Minister's voice.

"Join the Kandrian Empire if you dare."

"Tsk." A flash of displeasure and grudging respect appeared in Emperor Rael's eyes. It was a brutally simple yet also the best strategy that the Prime Minister could have used against the Kandrian Empire.

If for no other reason than evolutionary psychology.

Human beings possessed greater sensitivity to negative emotion than positivity. This was especially true for fear.

They feared the alliance more than they hoped for the Kandrian Empire.

And it had paid off.

It had been three months since the battle with the Sekigahara Confederate had ended, and the war for allies had begun, and one thing had become clear to all participants in the war.

The alliance had gained an edge in the war for allies.

They had secured more allies to their cause than the Kandrian Empire did over the same timeframe. This had worked against the Kandrian Empire as it partially reinforced the invincibility of the East Panamic Treaty Alliance.

Of course, it was far from the doom of the Kandrian Empire. From the very get-go, Emperor Rael had no intention of outcompeting his enemies, just doing well enough to the point that they couldn't defeat the Kandrian Empire without horrific and devastating losses.

His conditions for victory were much easier than those of Prime Minister Edward.

The latter was burdened with the herculean task of gathering enough net liquidated war potential that could be rapidly leveraged into a single frontal assault that would be enough to destroy the Kandrian Empire through and through.

The keyword being liquidated.

In absolute numbers, the alliance was already powerful enough to wipe the Kandrian Empire off the map; however, two of its constituents were essentially crippled by half by the ingenious political and military strategies of the Emperor of Harmony.

Still, Emperor Rael had no intention of letting the bad feedback loop continue. What he needed was a big win that could break the momentum of the enemy alliance and further reduce their chance of obtaining the power that they needed to destroy the Kandrian Empire. He needed to break the pattern before people became convinced that it was the norm and the inevitable outcome of the war. If people truly started believing that the Kandrian Empire was doomed in the war of allies, then it would become a sort of self-fulfilling prophecy and manifest itself as reality as no one would be willing to ally with the Kandrian Empire.

In order to ensure that that didn't happen, he needed to find a single massive victory.

His thoughts returned to the conversation that he was having with the Shionel Guildmaster.

"…When will he return?" he pondered aloud.

It had been two months since Rui entered the manifold, having spent about twenty-eight months in it in total.

He had initially gone in to create a foundation for his sect that could help the future members of his sect to learn and progress with Adaptive Evolution, but had, for some reason, spent an additional fourteen months in the manifold out of nowhere.

According to reports, Rui had gotten absorbed in the creation of a new technique concept and had embarked on a new technique project spontaneously.

"Typical." Emperor Rael snorted.

"…His future has become less easy to scry." Matriarch Nephi closed her eyes.  "Much less easy."

Emperor Rael's eyes flashed with concern. "What does that mean for him exactly? Is that bad?"

Her eyes turned to him. n/ô/vel/b//in dot c//om

"The stronger a Martial Artist is, the harder it is to foresee their future."

His eyes lit up with realization.

"…Oh."

-



Chapter 2317: Converging Gazes

﻿

It hadn't been easy for Rui to train through the first and second phases of the Megamind Project, but he pushed through nonetheless. Conditioning his body to be able to withstand the lopsided pressure wasn't easy, yet, he gritted his teeth and persevered.

He had underestimated the difficulty of using the technique just because it was the less risky and powerful version of the two possible paths that he had had at his disposal. Each time he empowered a part of his body with additional blood, it burned like someone was setting his cells on fire.

And in a way, he was.

The additional influx of oxygen allowed for greater combustion, which generated more energy for the body. Not only did it feel like the empowered body part was burning, but it also felt like it was about to explode from the inside out due to the additional pressure that mounted inside.

BOOOM!!!

His fist inflicted a devastating impact with relevant muscles empowered by the technique. "Woah..." Rui muttered. "This is not much weaker than Hypertrophic Surge. Too bad it isn't something I can stack on top of my Metabody System."

His Metabody System altered the fundamental configuration of the Body, and blood flow was undoubtedly included in that; after all, he wouldn't be able to sustain a meta body if each part of the body didn't get the blood it needed, which was different for different Metabody techniques.

"However, it's perfect for my needs." He grinned.

He wasn't interested in fundamentally amplifying the Metabody System this time around; he had already done that not too long ago when he consumed the Sandflower Nectar Potion.

However, it was the best and most accessible way to empower his brainpower and capacity for thought.

He couldn't wait.

"Time to embark on the next phase."

He had spent the past seven months in the manifold conditioning his body appropriately so that it could tolerate the stresses that he put on it. Now, it was time to move to the next stage of the training program.

"I must master the breathing and muscle movements needed to redirect blood flow to my brain."

And more importantly, he needed to ascertain the limit and ensure that he never crossed it.

It wasn't the riskiest thing he could do, but it was not exactly risk-free either. He closed his eyes as he sat down, meditating.

The absolute solitude and silence around him aided him in entering a state of absolute and deep focus.

A state of complete concentration.

At that moment, nothing consumed his mind.

All thoughts in the background when dark.

It was silence.

No one could enter the flow state like Rui could.

He entered this state only when it was truly necessary.

And, in this case, he deemed it to be truly worth it.

"Fuuu..." He exhaled deeply before activating a breathing technique.

Simultaneously, the muscles across his Body contracted or expanded, exerting pressure on or lifting pressure off some parts of the Body.

Naturally, as the veins and arteries across most of his Body contracted, the blood pressure increased substantially.

Blood, being the fluid that it was, responded to pressure, shifting to the one place where they didn't experience that pressure.

The blood vessels in his brain expanded as a flood of blood coursed through them, pushing against the blood-brain barrier that restricted them from coming into direct contact with the brain.

A flush of oxygen surged into his brain, far greater than normal.

The countless neurons in his brain shook with power as their metabolic activity spiked to immense degrees. The neural activity of his brain soared to far greater heights, reaching levels that one could only achieve with the Martial Heart.

In that moment, he couldn't help but wonder what would happen if he combined the two?

He knew that it was premature.

He knew that it was too early.

He knew that it wasn't wise.

Yet...

BADUMP!!!

His Martial Heart burst forth in all its glory as a surge of metabolic power washed over the entire Body.

He shook as his brain experienced an extraordinary explosion of thought. The sum totality of his mind seemed to expand endlessly. His cognition spiked to a new realm, experiencing a quantum surge in processing power second only to that of the Martial Mind.

And that immediately begged the question.

What would happen if he activated his Martial Mind on top of this?

His instincts warned him of the potential risks of progressing too quickly.Nôv(el)B\\jnn

Yet, they also showed him the potential greatness that was to follow if he did.

The prudent decision would have been to wait.

It would have been to take it slowly and instill the muscle memory of getting just the right amount of blood flow so that he could get away with what he needed without damaging his blood-brain barrier.

Yet, it appeared that Rui's prudence had been burned up when he chose to go with the less risky of the two options.

And thus, he activated his Martial Mind.

From the depths of his mind, an infinite void expanded beyond the confines of his mind, threatening to erode away the minds of anybody who saw him.

RUMBLE

The world shook under the weight of the catastrophic fusion of his Martial Mind and the Mind Metabody. Like matter and antimatter, their convergence led to the birth of a mind of

ephemeral power, the likes of which Gaia had never seen.

Every individual neuron of his brain began glowing like individual stars.

Together, they formed a galaxy of thought.

They became singularities of information, reaching the existential limits imposed by the very

universe itself.

The very weight of his logos rose to realms unknown as his consciousness seemed to ascend

to a higher state of awareness.

RUMBLE

Heaven and earth seemed to warp under the weight of his existence.

It was as though the very fabric of space and time was unable to contain the weight of his

Martial Embodiment.

The alarmed denizens of the manifold had already noticed the anomaly.

Yet, they weren't the only ones.

At that moment, thirteen beings around the continent glanced in the same direction.

Their gazes converged upon him.



Chapter 2318 Soon



Their gazes converged on him even as he reached uncharted territories of raw conscious cognition. He had earned their intrigue.

A privilege of the highest order.

They peered at him from across the depths of human civilization.

No force could halt their gaze.

Not even the four-dimensional space-time manifold could impede their awareness.

It might as well have been transparent.

Yet, among the thirteen that glanced in his direction, one held deeper interest than the rest.

In the frosty depths of the cold Imperial Palace of the Britannian Empire sat a man.

An emperor.

A Transcendent.

A being of unfathomable power.

Not even the universe, in all its infinite glory, could contain the entire weight of his being.

He gazed at Rui with a knowing look before closing his eyes.

A single whisper escaped him.

"S̵̥̞̲̺̮̓̈́͗̽͋̈̊̉̓͌͘͝͝o̷̟̭͇͎̼̗̎̉̒͐̈́̈́̑̚͠ͅǫ̸͙͙̱͈͔̝̺͔͒̔̽̊͂̚͜ň̴͚̦̟̻̱͕̬͎̩̈̿͐͛͋̈́̓̄͑͂͐́́̚."

His voice reverberated beyond the shackles of three dimensions, stretching into the past and the future.

It reverberated beyond the realm of materia.

Beyond the shackles of causality.

Blissfully ignorant of his earned attention, Rui completed the convergence of his Martial Mind with the Mind Metabody.

His brain had become a violent vortex of information, allowing him to gain an extraordinary level of cognition unparalleled by anything he had ever achieved. His eyes opened as his pupils glowed blood red with power.

"This…" A faint murmur escaped him as he glanced at his fist. "This is beyond my wildest expectations."

The overlap of his Martial Mind with his Mind Metabody was extraordinarily synergetic, allowing him to think at a speed he didn't even know was possible.

Time slowed down to a crawl as nothing could seem to keep up with his capacity for thought. Even his own movements were too slow for his liking, yet unlike with the tachypsychia of the Neo Godspeed, it wasn't his perception of the world that slowed down, but merely his cognition soaring to a point where he could think an extraordinary amount before anything around him could even begin to happen.

With this, he was certain that not even a chaotic battlefield could overwhelm his mind; he would be able to process everything that happened on a battlefield or against opponents who had an immense amount of information to process.

With this, he could support many more systems of thought than normal. There were going to be opponents who weren't information-intensive but were still extremely difficult to defeat. In such cases, it was best to have a way to accelerate his thought-driven Adaptive Evolution. Now that he was in this state, he experienced an intense flood of ideas that far surpassed what he would normally be capable of otherwise. He grew even more excited about the prospects of gaining the full Mind Metabody after conditioning his blood-brain barrier. He couldn't even imagine how strong he would be when he managed to get his hands on the complete technique. He would reach an even greater degree of thought capacity.

"I must find a way to get my hands on a fruit of the Tree of Healings."

He had no idea how it would even be possible. It was an extremely ambitious goal.

There was no doubt that the legacy treasure of the Sekigahara Confederate was extremely well-protected. It was entirely impossible for someone of his power to be able to wring one by force. n/o/vel/b//in dot c//om

"Do I really have to trade one of my breakthroughs?" He narrowed his eyes. "It would just make our job harder in this war."

Even if the Sekigahara Confederate managed to put aside their hatred for him and recognize the benefits of trading with him, giving them more Martial Masters was not doing himself or the Kandrian Empire any favors. These same Martial Artists would be used against them in the war.

"On top of that, considering that these fruits can drastically improve Sages as well, albeit temporarily, their value far exceeds that of a single Martial Master."

There was a good chance that he would be needed to provide many breakthroughs for a single fruit.

"Tsk, forget it. I'll have to wait until the Kandrian Empire has won the war and grown strong enough to dominate the Sekigahara Confederate."

This was his original resolution, though, admittedly, he had grown even more impatient than before. He looked forward to testing out the many things he was undoubtedly capable of now that he had come to gain the lesser version of the Mind Metabody. It could become a truly integral tool of his Martial Art.

"But…" He winced. "It's extremely stamina-intensive."

Rui could almost feel his energy reserves draining by the second. The fusion of his Martial Mind with his Mind Metabody was so great that it yielded great results in exchange for consuming great energy. After all, the brain was the most energy-intensive organ in the body, accounting for twenty percent of the total energy expenditure while only accounting for two percent of the body's mass. That ratio only increased enormously when he utilized the Mind Metabody. As powerful as the technique was, it had deep energy requirements that far exceeded any of his other Metabodies, including Neo Godspeed.

In other words, this was not something that he could abuse with no care in the world. He ought to limit its execution to circumstances where he truly needed it and where it was most suited to be used. It had no place in attrition battles, and it certainly had little place in battles where he was confident of his victory without it. It only belonged in more extreme circumstances. It belonged in circumstances where the stamina drain was merely a small price to pay. "In order to gain a better understanding of when, where, and how I must use this technique, I must put it to the test."

What better way than to test it in the original circumstance that he had designed the Mind Metabody in? "Time to round up all the Masters in the manifold and have them test the limits of this newfound power."

-



Chapter 2319 Begin



That day was a special day. The denizens of the manifold had experienced pressure.

An immensely deep mental pressure.

It had borne down on them, spreading great concern across the entire manifold. Many had momentarily thought that the manifold had come under attack by the East Panamic Treaty Alliance.

Their fear turned to curiosity when they learned that the Void Prince had caused the anomaly that pressured the entirety of the manifold with the weight of his mind. Not even the Martial Sages who had been training in the manifold could contain their curiosity into the matter.

Yet, the request he made immediately after was even more bizarre.

"I would like a battle simultaneously against as many Masters willing to help me test out my new technique as possible."

Very few Martial Masters had the capital to make such demands. In the first place, there were very few Masters who could make that demand and not come under backlash for the disrespect. There were even fewer Masters who could make that demand and come away without making a fool of themselves for undertaking a challenge that was clearly too much for them. One was Master Sera, the Harbinger.

And the other was Master Rui, Void Prince of the Kandrian Empire.

STEP

The Masters stiffened when he arrived upon the Master-level battle arena within the manifold. He had changed.

An even greater weight seemed to accompany his every movement.

A gravitas so deep he might as well have developed his own gravitational field.

As well as a peril that prickled at their nerves. n/ô/vel/b//in dot c//om

"…Remarkable," Master Sera remarked with an expression of delight as she watched from the spectator stands. "He's grown even stronger."

"Forsooth, that is to be expected," the Gatekeeper calmly replied, standing beside her. "If my suspicions are correct, he has made an immensely powerful breakthrough to obtaining an even greater capacity of thought."

The two of them had taken time out of their schedule to witness the fruits of Rui's labor that had caused the little anomaly within the manifold.

Yet, they weren't alone.

"What do you think, Your Sagehood?" Master Sera glanced to her side. "What do you foresee?"

Matriarch Nephi snorted. "I do not exercise my power lightly. What is to come will come."

"Boo."

"Rui will win, you guys," Kane promised with a wide grin. "Trust me, I have seen this exact scene a hundred times before. It happens every time he makes a major breakthrough. He reaches a whole other level than before."

Out of all of them there, Kane knew Rui better than anyone. He had come to recognize so many patterns in the way that his best friend progressed that he could almost form his own predictive model on the way that Rui evolved as a Martial Artist.

"I, too, foresee a complete victory." The Divine Doctor smiled mirthlessly. "The mental pressure that I momentarily experienced that day was indicative of a massive breakthrough in net combat power."

His words drew the attention of the other five of them. "Why are you even here?" Master Sera raised an eyebrow. "I didn't take the Divine Doctor to be a fan of Martial Art."

"Oh, I'm not. I assure you I couldn't care less about it," he replied nonchalantly. "I'm just curious about the progress my stethoscope has made, you see."

All five but Kane found his words to be confounding. He was the only one who had been privy to the agreement that Rui had formed with the Divine Doctor in the Beast Domain. He knew why the man cared so much about how strong Rui was.

"It's about to start." Kane's gaze returned to the battle arena with an excited smile. "I'm so hyped to see what he's cooked this time."

Rui found himself standing in the middle of a group of more than a dozen Martial Artists. They adopted their various stances, facing him while he simply stood.

It appeared that he didn't feel the need to take a stance of his own.

Despite cornering him, the Martial Masters couldn't help but feel like they were the ones who were cornered.

They were each high-grade.

Yet, that didn't stop them from breaking into a cold sweat.

"Thank you all for agreeing to partake in this," Rui calmly addressed them. "I appreciate it."

They simply nodded lightly.

"Now then…" Rui continued. "Let us begin."

BADUMP!!!

A variety of Martial Hearts burst into power as they surged forth, empowering their Martial Minds.

Including Rui's.

They stiffened as an endless wave of darkness eclipsed their Martial Embodiments, consuming them whole.

An infinite Void.

They had grown accustomed to it, yet the sheer power of his Martial Embodiment never failed to earn their admiration and envy.

Yet, it was what followed that truly shocked them.

The weight of his mind and Embodiment did not stop rising.

It only accelerated.

The glowing blood vessels that stretched across the entirety of his Martial Body grew dimmer and weaker as their physical output decreased. Their power was being redirected to his brain.

The blood vessels in his skull consequently began shining, resembling streams of boiling lava on arid land.

His eyes glowed blood red as they flared with power.

RUMBLE

An unfathomable amount of mental pressure weighed down on the other Martial Artists, almost shackling them where they stood. The infinite void resurged as a shocking force seemed to accompany the devastating Martial Embodiment. It was as though the Embodiment had gained material substance, threatening to erode their minds away with a vengeance.

It was as though his mind could impact materia with the sheer elevation of its cognition.

"What are you waiting for?" His voice had remained unchanged, yet they could have sworn that it was heavier than before.

Those words that jolted them out of their stupor.

He was right.

What were they waiting for?

Sure, he was stronger than them, but that did not mean he was invincible.

They also had a huge numeric advantage.

On top of that, Masters were naturally highly observant.

While his mind had grown more powerful, they did not fail to miss that his Body had grown weaker.

It didn't take a genius to figure out the basics of what he was doing.

"Attack!" They leaped all at once, ignorant of what was to come. -



