Chapter 1971 Surveying

Then they had it rough.

"These monsters are not as prey to their own instincts as other monsters," Rui's dark eyes sharpened. "In other words, tricks, and schemes that would work with other dim-witted animals are most likely going to be super ineffective against these creatures."

POW POW POW!

He erased the heads of several more harpies.

"Damn man!" Kane cursed at his words. "We can't just have it easy, huh? Why does this gotta be this hard."

"Relax." Rui's frosty voice possessed a spark of confidence. "This can work in our favor as well. I'll need to gather more data for that, though."

POW POW POW!

The two of them could have just breezed past these incredibly weak creatures, but Rui insisted on taking it slow.

"Given the environmental constraints, the fauna of this place is most likely not too diverse," Rui remarked. "In other words, the species at the outermost and weakest part of the dungeon are probably the same species that are in the core of the dungeon, protecting the source of the manifold. I can infer immense amount of data about the stronger creatures from these weakest members of the same species."

"Makes sense," Kane admitted, effortlessly slicing and dicing them into fine specks of flesh and blood.

SPLAT SPLAT SPLAT!

"That's not even the best part."

"Hm?" Kane turned towards Rui, before widening his eyes with surprise.

A fleeting smile emerged on Rui's face as a hint of excitement flashed in the depths of his dark eyes. "The best part is that collecting SOUL data on these species is a lot easier. Because these creatures are already in a trance, I don't need to run around using Soul Void over and over again for different sets of creatures."

Kae's eyes lit up as he understood how well this worked in their favor. "That means you can?harness your true strength much better!"

"…Correct." Rui nodded stoically. "That's not all."

Rui recalled how the obsidian wyverns had SOUL models that were more the same than different. The same was true for most creatures of the same species that he had created SOUL models on.

Rui had inferred that the lowered intelligence and primacy of intelligence resulted in low variance in SOUL models across the entirety of the species. In other words, humans had a far, far higher capacity for individuality than any other species that he had ever come across.

The insights that he gained from the enlightenment of the Tree of Life also concurred with this.

The environments most antithetical to the human species had vastly greater variance than those for any other species in existence. No single environmental configuration could possibly be antithetical to all Martial Artists. In contrast, no species required more than one environmental configuration to be antithetical to each and every single member of the species.

This was greatly beneficial to Rui.

"…I might be able to form SOUL models on the stronger creatures by looking at the lower and weaker creatures." Rui realized as his enthusiasm grew. Ne/w novel chapt𝒆rs are p/u/blished on no/vel(/bin(.)c/o/m

One of his frustrations was that he hadn't been able to use his SOUL System against the Master-level creatures that assaulted them shortly before they had been saved by the Elder Tree.

He was far stronger with the SOUL System than without, after all.

He suspected that, while he still had a low chance of actually defeating them, he might have been able to survive far longer than he would have. The issue was that the SOUL System had the same shortcomings that the pattern recognition system of the VOID algorithm did.

It needed time.

Unfortunately, the Angel of Laplace was unable to overcome this shortcoming because it only supplied physical data. It did not supply SOUL data from the past. Someday, he might have to create another solution to get rid of this shortcoming as well, but in his current circumstances, he could rest pleased knowing that he could gather SOUL data without needing to put his targets in a trance.

In addition to gathering SOUL data on the species, he was able to get a good understanding of the environments most antithetical to them. The enlightenment of the Tree of Life showed him that the harpies had comparatively weak joints and wide wings that were meant for low-pressure regions.

The most optimal domain to be antithetical to them was a technique he already had, the Heavenly Convergence technique. This technique converged the vectors of the weight of the heaven and earth onto the target.

It was most optimal for killing it on the spot.

POW POW POW!

He annihilated more harpies before turning to Kane with stoic eyes. "…I'm done with the harpies. Let's circle around this layer of the dungeon and find other species."

"Nice."

The two of them immediately moved away from the region as they began their journey to gather the intelligence needed to formulate the perfect plan to escape the Mellow Manifold. Rui intended to employ this strategy to the best of his ability as far as they could easily go to gather data.

The more valuable data would be deeper into the open dungeon. The more data that Rui could gather on stronger creatures, the more he would be able to get a better understanding of the most powerful creatures that guarded the center of the open dungeon. The Senior-level and quasi-

Senior-level creatures would most likely tell Rui the most about the Master-level creatures.

However, the risk and danger would only grow higher and higher the more accurate and relevant data that he sought.

"We'll proceed slower and slower the deeper we get into the Mellow Dungeon," Rui remarked with a stoic voice devoid of emotion. "With time on our side, it is best we use it to offset the power imbalance, which is certainly not on our side."

"Yeah, makes sense, I'll leave all the planning to you as always."

Rui's stern eyes slowly turned towards Kane. "…You should try and participate. Thought is the key to the Master Realm, and unless you develop a habit and an affinity for it, you won't be able to discover your Martial Mind."

"Alright alright, cut me some slack."

-



Chapter 1972  Further Deductions



In the following days, the two of them followed through with their investigation.

Or rather, Kane merrily joined along for the ride while Rui did most of the data-gathering. He was quite content hanging out with his best friend in a cool new world. He experienced deep anxiety and stress when he got absorbed into the new world and spent three days by himself and the Divine Doctor. VịSit no(v)3lb/!n(.)c𝒐m for new 𝒏ov𝒆l𝒔

However, the moment Rui entered, he felt quite secure and confident. Over the many years that he had known him, he learned a simple truth. Rui Quarrier Silas Kandria could overcome anything. With the power of adaptive evolution, man could handle anything that the world threw at him and eventually overcome it.

Admittedly, Kane had grown overreliant on him to a certain degree, but it was difficult not to. How could one avoid doing so when the person in question was extremely reliable such that he could fix every problem?

Still, he did his best to contribute with everything he had.

POW POW POW!

He devastated three quasi-Squire-level crocottas with a blow each, crushing their skulls effortlessly. The dog-wolf monsters died on the spot.

"Ok, done with this species," Rui remarked stoically. "Let's go."

In the past week, they had run into many species since they began investigating the dungeon, and it hadn't taken Rui too long to make a belated realization.

"These species…" Rui narrowed his eyes. "These aren't in the inheritance I got from the Elder Tree. Yet, they are still a part of the Tree of Life of Gaia."

In other words, they stemmed from the same last unifying common ancestor that gave birth to all life in the world. The enlightenment he gained from the Tree of Life allowed him to instantly deduce the most antithetical world to the species, even if he didn't recognize the species itself.

He didn't recognize a single one of them.

'Despite belonging to the Gaian Tree of Life, these species have undergone eons of isolated evolution,' Rui realized. 'After all, assuming that this place has been around for as long as the Elder Tree has, then that's an enormous amount of time.'

Time flowed one hundred and forty-four times faster in the Mellow Manifold. Thus, the biosphere of the Mellow Manifold had undergone an additional hundred and forty-four millennia of evolution over the rest of the biosphere of the Beast Domain.

Of course, life had been around for billions of years, which was why Rui was still effortlessly able to understand each of these species and what it took to evolve them. The entirety of the Mellow Manifold and Mellow Dungeon was only a minute twig in an absolutely gigantic tree.

"Fascinating," he muttered with a hint of intrigue in his eyes. "To think that such a thing can happen."

He greedily added all the data that he needed from them and the environments most suited to them to the Tree of Life, increasing its acuity bit by bit. The more data he fed it, the greater the predictive model would function, like all predictive models. He began gaining deeper insights into the species of the dungeon as he mapped the layers of the dungeon. The danger level of the dungeon grew drastically as one went deeper into the dungeon, yet it was a gradient. It started from zero from the very outskirts such that even the Divine Doctor could remain there without any problems whatsoever, eventually growing stronger and stronger the deeper one went.

This gradient allowed Rui to make extremely educated guesses about the danger level of the core of the Mellow Dungeon.

"…As previously estimated, definitely Master-level," Rui remarked stoically. "…Both mathematical extrapolation and statistical sensory resistance correlation yield a result of the core being Master-level. Thus, the certainty of this result is quite high."

"Damn!" Kane cursed. "So, a region filled with multiple Master-level creatures after all? I was kinda hoping that we would discover that you're wrong."

"…Well, I was partially wrong," Rui replied quietly. "…It's definitely a Master-level region, but there's probably only a single Master-level creature."

"How do you figure?"

"…Area." Rui's tone was confident. "There's too little area for more than a single Master-level creature. If you recall the Master-level creatures that we faced in that Master-level region in the North of the Beast Domain, they occupied an enormous amount of territory divided between the six of them."

Rui knew that these creatures were extremely territorial. Each of them possessed the power to dominate an enormous amount of territory. Thus, he highly doubted that so many could live together, trance or otherwise. Their instincts would fundamentally cause them to fight against each other.

"A single Master-level beast…" Kane's voice trailed off.

He was certainly more hopeful, yet it was still unfathomably difficult to believe. Master-level beasts were Master-level because they absolutely could not be beaten by Martial Seniors, according to the Panamic Martial Federation. And as Martial Seniors, they had absolutely no chance of beating a creature that required Martial Masters to fell them. Yet, when Kane thinks of Rui, he feels as though he cannot put Rui in the same category as himself. Regardless, even if he could not handle the beast like last time, Kane was confident that Rui would find some way to deal with the creature, or at the very least, that he would be able to get them out of there alive.

"…It's certainly more manageable than the six Master-level beasts that we faced that one time. However, it won't be easy," Rui's expression grew severe. "However, a Master-level beast in a trance…"

He had many thoughts about that, yet he had no idea what kind of strategy would work under a creature that was put under a trance.

It also mattered who or what exactly was putting the creature under a trance. Of course, it was the dungeon or the source of the manifold, but depending on what kind of living being it was, he might have had to change his approach quite differently.

"RRROOOOOAAAAAARRRR!"

A powerful roar drew his attention as he felt a higher level of pressure from the dungeon than before.

They had run into their first Senior-level creature.

-



Chapter 1973  Revelations



"Interesting," Rui remarked as he beheld a simple three-tusked white boar before him. Its danger level was on par with grade-one Martial Seniors.

At this point, Rui was so much stronger than it that he may as well have been an entire Realm above it. It rushed towards him, leaping at him in a single go.

Yet, it never stood a chance.

BOOM!

A devastating blow to the head killed it in an instant. "From this point on, we need to be more alert," Kane murmured.

Senior-level beasts, even if low-grade, had the potential to harm them. It was deeply unlikely, but even a moment of complacency could completely turn the tables over. The two took their stances as a herd of three-tusked white boars rushed at them, seeking to kill them.

SPLAT SPLAT SPLAT!

Kane alone was enough to deal with them, yet he held back, leaving only flesh wounds. The goal of their ventures into the dungeon was not to eradicate all the creatures of the dungeon. That was a foolhardy and brute-force manner of doing things that wasted a lot of time and energy and didn't bring them closer to their goal of reaching the core of the dungeon.

It was because Rui knew that it was highly likely that the Master-level creature occupying the core of the dungeon probably came from one of the species that occupied the lower parts of the domain.

Thus, killing each and every single one of them without gaining enough data that could be useful for the Master-level guardian was foolish. BAM BAM BAM!!!

He ended each of them mercilessly once he got what he needed.

"Are you sure we need to do this for each species in the manifold?" Kane asked, raising an eyebrow.

"…To maximize our probability of escaping this place, yes." Rui's voice was stoic. "Why are you so confident that this will help you with the Master-level guardian of the Mellow Manifold?" "…It's a nested inference based on the state of these creatures," Rui glanced at the corpses at his feat. "What question presents itself when we think of the fact that these creatures are made to be put in a trance state?"

"…'How?' and 'Why?' I guess," Kane remarked.

"Correct." Rui's detached gaze remained fixed on the corpse. "Fundamentally, it boils down to the fact that these creatures are being used for protection of the dungeon. It's a defensive measure. One that none of the dungeons we visited before had."

"Sure, but what does that have to do with the Master-level guardian?"

"…Like all dungeons, this place was created when the flora absorbed powerful esoteric resources, surviving and mutating, evolving to become something else entirely," Rui replied. "If we assume that this place was like the Mellow outside it, which is quite reasonable considering it was once one place, then the species it started off with were as weak as the sub-Apprentice-level creatures outside it. Yet…"

He gestured to the corpses around them. "…It now has Senior-level creatures and Master-level creatures."

Rui turned to Kane with a stoic gaze. "How do you think that came to be?"

"Well, it is a drastic jump," Kane admitted. "To go from sub-Apprentice-level to Master-level at its strongest. But you pointed out that this place has been evolving for hundreds and forty thousand years, right? That's a long time, so it's not crazy."

Rui shook his head. "…If it was a million years, I would have been less surprised. But a hundred and forty thousand is nothing. You would not seen an astronomical evolution of life so quickly, historically speaking. Species do not grow ten thousand times stronger on average in such a timespan under ordinary circumstances. The statistical likelihood of such a thing happening is extraordinarily low." VịSit no(v)3lb/!n(.)c𝒐m for new 𝒏ov𝒆l𝒔

"Ok, but then what's the gig here?"

"This dungeon…" Rui narrowed his eyes. "…is selectively breeding them. Additionally, it's accelerating evolution by engaging in brutal survival of the fittest. Having these animals breed at an extremely high rate by placing them in a trance it is able to tolerate high death rates, which allows them to engage in large-scale Darwinian evolution measures. The Darwinian evolution filters ensure that each generation of species is decently stronger than the previous generation, albeit not too much. Doing that will yield some tremendous results over one hundred and forty-four millennia. Only that can explain this drastic disparity from species that evolved from the ordinary creatures we saw in the Mellow outside."

Rui knelt down to the three-tusked boars before him. "This species of boar is an evolved version of the ordinary ground boar that we saw outside in the Mellow. Yet, in this Mellow Dungeon, it has evolved to orders of magnitude stronger."

"How can you tell these boars have anything to do with boars outside? They look different and are way larger and stronger." Kane curiously asked. "…The enlightenment of the Tree of Life not only allows me to predict the most optimal antithetical environments against a given lifeform, but it also allows me to understand the evolutionary distance and evolutionary position on the Tree of Life," Rui calmly remarked. "These creatures undoubtedly branched off from the species of boar we saw outside. Based on the titanic differences, I can assume some intense selective breeding and forced Darwinian filtering have been happening for a long time. It wasn't difficult to piece together the truth once I figured this much out."

His detached eyes slowly turned to Kane. "Thus, the strongest creature will be the strongest individual of the strongest generation of the strongest species. Most likely, some freak mutation, if I had to wager. You're bound to run into those over a hundred and forty millennia. Still. That is the long answer to your question. One of these species possessed the key to understanding the Master-level creature that guards the core of the dungeon…"

".When you put it like that, that definitely makes much more sense, to be honest." Kane heaved a sigh. "Just how many such species are there in this dungeon?"

"…Lots."

"Damn."



Chapter 1974 Roaring Contest

﻿﻿"That being said," Rui remarked stoically. "We can discard the species that failed to reach the Senior Realm."

"Why's that?" Kane furrowed his eyebrows.

Rui coldly glanced at the corpses before him. "Because if any species were not able to evolve into Senior-level producing species, then there's no chance that they produced the Master-level being guarding the dungeon core."

"I don't get it," Kane remarked. "If all the creatures underwent one-forty thousand years of evolution, then shouldn't they all have received the same evolutionary boost?"

"Time is hardly the only factor that would affect the end power granted by extensive evolution," Rui replied quietly with a detached tone. "Some species, for better or for worse, are simply superior. They possess greater evolutionary potential than other species. It is most likely that the Master-level creature guarding the dungeon core is that of an apex predator species."

Based on the species outside of the Mellow, Rui could make a pretty remarkable estimate of the kind of creature that guarded the dungeon core.

Unfortunately, none of them were optimistic about their probability of escape or survival.

He did not want to face a Master-level version of tigers or leopards. He could only hope that it was a herbivorous species but did not possess the propensity to hunt for them.

In such a small, limited environment, there was simply nowhere to run. Perhaps that was the reason that the Divine Doctor didn't get to immediately exploring this place.

While he could try his gold tried and tested tactics of using fear and trance-induction substances, just like the dungeon did, he would be doomed if he ran into anything stronger than Senior-level beasts or monsters.

If he was as smart as Rui knew he was, then he would have undoubtedly deduced the same things that Rui had. That, in turn, would explain why he stayed away from the center of the dungeon as much as possible.

Suddenly, a wave of peril washed over them.

RUMBLE!

The two of them leaped away, turning in the direction of the source with a grave expression.

Yet, they were hit with a wave of sound louder than almost any other.

"RAAAAAAAAAAAWWRRRGHRGRHW!!!!"

BOOOM!!!

Kane simply evaded it by putting as much distance between himself and the source as possible while Rui calmly withstood it.

A cold smile appeared on his face.

Recognition flashed in his eyes.

"To think I would see you here of all places, roaring dragon."Ne/w novel chapt𝒆rs are p/u/blished on no/vel(/bin(.)c/o/m

It had sharp green scales across the entirety of its long body that stretched out like a serpent. It was closer to what would be considered an eastern dragon back on Earth. Rui recognized it instantly because he had studied it when looking for which potion he ought to consume.

He had chosen the Roaring Dragon Blood Potion. A potion that was created from the blood of the dragon that he was looking at at the very moment. One that had significantly improved his breathing capacity and had elevated his power greatly.

Yet, it was different from the one he studied, having grown longer, stronger, and more ferocious.

Yet, the Tree of Life allowed Rui to recognize the species that he was looking at was an evolutionary derivative of the same species that had led to the creation of the potion he consumed.

Unfortunately, the creature didn't seem to care to reminisce.

Rui hadn't failed to note the trance that it was in, just like every other creature that they had run into in the Mellow Dungeon.

It inhaled deeply, causing an enormous vacuum that shook the very world around them, before exhal—

'Breathing Crucifix.' Rui coldly cast a powerful hypnotic shackle on its breathing.

BOOM!!

The resulting attack was so weak that it was hard to believe that it was from the same creature!

"Rrrfff?" It huffed nervously as fear entered its eyes.

Yet, Rui was far from done.

His eyes grew malevolent as he inhaled deeply, expanding his lungs more than he ever had before. He activated the Metabody System, using the Hypertrophic Surge to gain an enormous surge of raw power.

Then, he roared.

Six Mighty Roar Flash Blasts of unprecedented power shot one after another rapidly as he used Transverse Resonance tier six. The six sonic projectiles swiftly merged into a single projectile as they underwent simultaneous constructive superposition, becoming a singular attack.

It was the most powerful attack that Rui had ever unleashed in his entire life.

BOOOOOM!!!

The resulting impact was so large that a crater large enough to swallow mountains erupted on the spot.

RUMBLE!

The very lands shook beneath their feet as immense tsunamis of seismic radiation circled in and around the Mellow Manifold.

The evolved roaring dragon was nowhere to be seen.

"That was ruthless," Kane remarked, half wary and half amazed. "Your raw power has grown since the last time you did that."

"Natural growth," Rui replied. "I have yet to reach my physical prime, so I will grow stronger unless I let myself go."

Although it was not too substantial, he had indeed grown stronger physically. The time that they had spent in the Beast Domain had subjected their body to greater stress on average.

Their bodies had slowly adapted to the pressures, growing stronger than they would have had they lived in the comforts of the Kandrian Empire in the past three years.

"Let's head back," Rui remarked.

"…Uh, why?"

"We have exhausted some of our Martial Heart," he stoically replied, turning as he headed back to the coasts of the Mellow islands. "Remember. Time is on our side. I don't want to risk anything, so we will always stay away from the dangerous margins that we were forced to suffer in the Beast Domain. Here, we can afford to do things extremely carefully."

His dark eyes swam around as he began processing all the information that he had gathered in the meantime.

It wouldn't be too long before he had a concrete direction for his plan to get out of this prison.

-



Chapter 1975  Potential Plan



A week passed since Rui entered the Mellow Dungeon. The two men had developed a bit of a routine where they spent most of the day investigating the dungeon. The biggest time-consuming factor was the fact that Rui insisted on collecting all the data on a species before they were ready to move on to another species. The only times he didn't was when he confirmed that the species had yet to even crack the Senior Realm.

This meant that even if they faced Apprentice-level species, Rui would painstakingly develop predictive and SOUL models on all of them. What would have otherwise been a millisecond's work to wipe out a weaker species had been stretched to about an hour's work.

That was one of the reasons that their job took longer than Kane would have liked.

However, Rui had been crystal clear.

Safety was paramount this time.

He didn't mind spending an entire year on reconnaissance if that was what it took. VịSit no(v)3lb/!n(.)c𝒐m for new 𝒏ov𝒆l𝒔

"…I have several templates of a strategy in mind," Rui stoically told Kane one time after they returned from their reconnaissance of the Mellow Dungeon. "I don't know which one will end up being the chosen strategy, but even based on the data that I have collected thus far, there are several possibilities. The first that comes to mind is the trance-release plan."

"Trance-release?"

"…Yeah," Rui quietly replied as his dark eyes sharpened. "Trance-release plan. It's a model of a plan that involves gaining access to the core entity maintaining the Mellow Manifold. As the name suggests, we break the trance on all the creatures, including the Master-level creature at the core of the Mellow Dungeon. Once they break out of their trance, there's a good chance that they will stray from their previous roles and habitats."

"Oh, your plan is to use that to get the Master-level creature away from the core of the dungeon by breaking it out of the trance that it was in?"

Rui nodded impassively. "There's a good chance that the creature will cease protecting the core if we break it out of its trance."

"How would we do that?"

"…That is the tricky part," Rui's stoic voice grew more severe. "However, I know that my hypnosis is partially effective on Master-level creatures."

When he accidentally cast the Tree of Life hypnosis on the populace of the Garden of Salvation, it had been effective even on Master-level creatures. Naturally, they were the least affected by it, certainly not nearly as impacted as the Senior-level creatures were, for instance.

"…However, it wasn't ineffective, either," Rui frostily remarked. "That means there exists a certain non-zero probability that I can break the Master-level creatures out of their trance."

The fact that Rui was able to, to any extent, impact a Master-level creature was rather surprising to him in hindsight. After all, his hypnosis would bounce off of a Martial Master, unable to budge them. It made one thing crystal clear.

Martial Masters were of a far higher caliber fundamentally. It was no wonder that despite being far fewer in number, they were able to rival the net entirety of Master-level fauna and flora.

They were built different.

"But if it's only partially effective, that means you cannot go all the way by yourself in most cases, right?"

"…Correct, that is why I would approach the Divine Doctor for his cooperation in the event I choose to go for this plan," Rui impassively replied. "He clearly has the ability to concoct some powerful drugs and steroids. I'm sure he can whip up something that can potentially aid in breaking the trance."

Kane nodded as he came to appreciate Rui's plan. He had initially been dumbfounded at trying to overcome a Master-level threat with sheer brains alone, but Rui had shown him how it was done. He provided a viable plan that wasn't patently absurd and was not unrealistic in its expectation that they could break out of the dungeon through it.

"I have many other ideas, but they will need fleshing out before I present them to anybody," Rui impassively stated. "Additionally, our data is still incomplete, so I will continue adapting our plans to suit our circumstances."

His eyes sharpened. "While all this tangential information collecting will be quite significant, the most significant source of intelligence will be our given target itself. I don't think we need a plan for any of the other creatures, and we can just eliminate them one by one."

Rui had reached such an astonishing degree of power that nothing short of a Master-level beast was beyond his ability. It was almost an insult to even call him a Martial Senior at this stage. If he ran into quasi-Master-level beasts, he would leap into battle without any fear for his life.

That was especially true in a dungeon that was filled with tranced monsters and beasts. The ease of employing the SOUL System had risen tremendously. Before, he was often delayed because of complications arising from timing the domain application correctly. Now, he could start collecting SOUL data far prior to what he normally would be able to do.

"In this dungeon, I am far stronger than I would be outside."

"Yeah, it's sort of like what the Thundering Valley was to me," Kane turned towards him with a curious look in his eyes. "But you don't seem to like it."

"I am pleased that it increases the probability of our escape, however…" Rui closed his eyes. "I don't like it for my long-term progress."

"Why not?"

"Because, unfortunately, I don't live in a world where all my opponents are in a trance before the fight begins," Rui impassively replied with a displeased tone. "Spending more time in this place will make me weaker, not stronger."

Of course, it felt good. Rui couldn't deny that with a straight face. Yet, it was that that worried him. If he spent too much time here, he would grow accustomed to not having to use Soul Void and be completely blindsided when he returned back to reality.

-



Chapter 1976  Nascent System of Thought



WHOOSH WHOOSH WHOOSH!

Rui evaded three dozen dark ravens in the sky.

"CAWK CAWK CAWK!" The angry birds hawked at him as they surged forward with their talons poised to tear him to shreds.

Yet, much to their surprise, the talons never reached him.

WHOOSH WHOOSH WHOOSH!

They passed right through him.

They passed through him as though he was an empty image.

Rui stood in place with closed eyes as he relaxed his body. Each time a raven approached him, he would evade their strike at the final moment but would feint toward his original position, making it seem like he was there the entire time. Simultaneously, he would misdirect them to said feint, causing them to completely ignore his dodge and believe that he had been standing there the entire time.

The creatures never stood a chance at seeing through his illusion. Yet, he wasn't doing this just to flex.

It was a good exercise because it required an extremely high level of precision and accuracy when it came to his timing and placement.

His SOUL and predictive models needed to be immaculate. His feinting and misdirection needed to coincide within microseconds of each other.

It was a great workout to train his finesse.

WHOOSH WHOOSH WHOOSH!

Once he got the hang of it, though, he was on a roll; nothing could stop him.

"Show-off," Kane muttered as he faced two dark ravens by himself. "Ok now, think…should I enter stealth mode or agility mode?"

He tried out a sequence of thoughts, which was his first prototypical system of thought. 'These guys are kinda fast.' He squinted, trying to think. 'They certainly don't look heavy or anything like that. Also, their wings are freaking huge and they can do some incredible maneuvering with them.'

WHOOSH WHOOSH!

He evaded them. 'That means they can faster and quicker opponents, but can they handle stealthy opponents that well?'

That was the extent of his system of thought thus far.

'Hmmm…' He stared at their eyes. 'They have eyes.' Ne/w novel chapt𝒆rs are p/u/blished on no/vel(/bin(.)c/o/m

A keen observation.

'If they have eyes, they probably rely on it. Which means misdirection should be pretty decently effective against them.' Kane realized. 'In comparison, their fast maneuvering should be less dominated by Fulminata Godspeed. Alright, Void Step it is.'

And there, his line of thought was completed.

Unbeknownst to him, Rui paid more attention to his battle than his own. A fleeting smile cracked at the edge of his mouth. "Good."

He knew that Kane was taking his very first baby steps when it came to creating a Martial Mind. Although it was an extremely elementary and minimally effective single-layer decision process, it was still a first step in the right direction. Rui had faith that someday he would eventually develop a mature system of thought.

"Not anytime soon, unfortunately," he huffed impassively. Kane still had an extremely long way to go before he fleshed out his system of thought to become larger and more powerful in its impact in combat. The good news was that the road to the Master Realm was shorter for him than it was for Rui.

Martial Minds were proportional to minds. That meant that Martial Seniors with more powerful minds had to create much larger systems of thought. Their path to the Master Realm was more difficult than those of the rest.

That was why Rui, despite creating tremendously powerful systems of thought such as the VOID algorithm, Angel of Laplace, SOUL System, and the Tree of Life, had only just recently reached a stage where he could be certain of the saturation of his nascent Martial Mind. That was how staggeringly powerful his mind was.

Kane, on the other hand, could make do with regular systems of thought, unlike Rui. However, in order to ensure that his individuality manifested, Rui never once tried nudging him or offering recommendations.

Unlike techniques, thought affinities were less clear. Rui could very easily contaminate his Martial Mind with thought that was not suited for Kane's Martial Art and Body. It was different for the distilled voidlet techniques that the Martial Union had already begun to aggressively propagate. Those had been stripped of Rui's thought patterns and were truly able to be adapted by others to suit their own needs.

Ultimately, he decided to let Kane do his own thing. If he gained inspiration from Rui and followed suit, that would be one thing since that came from within, but Rui himself would not interject from the outside.

WHOOSH WHOOSH WHOOSH!

Rui's stoic gaze returned to the ravens that converged on him from all directions. It appeared that they weren't as stupid as they looked. They sought to deprive him of any escape, threatening to shred him from all directions.

Alas, it was for naught.

RUMBLE

They froze as a horrifying tsunami of peril erupted from deep within Rui.

Within his eyes stirred an endless void.

A single remark escaped him.

"My data collection on your species is complete, so…" His eyes darkened.

"Heavenly Convergence."

At that moment, heaven and earth converged on the hapless ravens.

BOOM!!!

They never stood a chance, dying on the spot.

Not because Rui's raw power was extraordinarily great, no.

It was because he applied it in the most antithetical manner possible to produce the most devastating effect.

The Tree of Life had long shown him that his Heavenly Convergence was actually the most suited domain out of all environments possible to taking the ravens down.

They never stood a chance at taking him down in the first place.

He glanced at Kane, who had promptly used Void Step to quickly cut down on the two ravens, bringing them death by a thousand cuts.

SPLAT SPLAT SPLAT!

"Huff…Huff…" He panted heavily, sheathing his blades.

STEP

"Well done, your nascent system of thought was not ineffective." His tone lightened up as a soft smile cracked at the very edge of his mouth.

"Hah," Kane snorted. "Not ineffective, that's rich."

"It's where everybody starts," Rui replied. "Including me."



Chapter 1977 Outside vs Inside

﻿﻿"That's hard to believe," Kane frowned. "You cook up magical systems of thought in years where it would take others decades."

"That's because I dedicated my life to them," Rui replied impassively. "I'm probably better at creating them than anybody in this world, I would suspect."

"How do I get as good as you? Or at least, really good?" Kane asked.Upstodatee from n(0)/v𝒆/lbIn/.(co/m

"…"

Rui considered the question for a moment. "…You could try what Ieyasu tried. He spent two years just thinking, trying to increase his affinity for thought."

"Does that actually work?"

"It did for him." Rui shrugged impassively. "His capacity for thought rose enormously in the time that he spent thinking to increase his affinity for thought. This place is a good place for that, actually."

"You mean the time acceleration?"

"Yes," Rui nodded. "It will allow you to make far more progress relative to others at your stage outside."

Kane shrugged. "I don't care about others. But I don't want to fall too behind you, though. Since you're here as well, the time acceleration doesn't really help with that."

"That's true," Rui calmly replied. "But you'll still most likely make more progress than me in this environment if we remain here for too long. That's why I would rather leave this place as soon as possible."

Kane frowned at that. "You're not going to remain here to grind one hundred and forty-four times faster?"

"If it were one hundred and forty-four times faster, then that would be ideal, yes, but unfortunately, I won't progress one hundred and forty-four times faster. In fact, I will probably progress more slowly here than on the outside."

"Huh??" Kane stared at him with deep skepticism. "What do you mean? You would have one month on the outside and a hundred and forty-four months in here. There's no way you can be more productive in the former than the latter."

"That is true for the average Martial Artist, undoubtedly, however…" Rui closed his eyes. "That is not true for me. If I stay here, I will stagnate."

Kane stared at him, speechless.

"My growth and progress is tied to the gains made from trying to adaptively evolve to new challenges," Rui opened his eyes, meeting Kane's stare. "Without a continuous fresh supply of new challenges to adaptively evolve to, I probably will not be able to progress down my Martial Path quicker in the long run. This place…"

He gestured to the Mellow Dungeon. "…can only offer so much. Already, what it can offer is paltry. If not for the Master-level beast, which is certainly a formidable challenge, I would say this place is worthless to me. I will have nothing left to adaptively evolve to, almost halting the progress I would make down my Martial Path. With nothing left to challenge my Adaptive Evolution, I would probably never break into the Master Realm."

He turned back to Kane. "On the outside, however, there are endless forces that I have yet to adaptively evolve to. My rate of progress will spike in comparison and the challenges would allow me to temper and refine my Martial Art and eventually lead the way to higher Realms."

"…So that's why you would rather leave this place even though it offers massive benefits to accelerating your benefits relative to others."

"The drive to adaptively evolve is more important and significant to my progress than time. The latter is not worth the cost of the former. So yes, I would progress more in two years on the outside than two hundred and eighty-eight years here."

"…That sounds like a you-problem," Kane cautiously remarked.

A fleeting smile cracked at the edge of his mouth. "I suppose it is. But I don't know if it is a flaw that I would want to correct even if I was able to, which I am unable. But ultimately…"

His eyes sharpened. "I refuse to spend more than two years in this place. I am already feeling suffocated, I don't know if I'll even be able to last two years."

"…That's wild," Kane furrowed his eyebrows. "Someone like the Gatekeeper would happily train in this place without any issue."

Rui's impassive eyes turned to the sky. "…True, he would. But he is a fundamentally different person than I am. Of course, while I would personally never subject myself to long-term training in this place, I think it could be priceless for most Martial Artists. It could be priceless for Kandria…"

Kane's eyes widened with shock as he understood Rui's intentions. "You. You're thinking of harnessing this power of this dungeon for the Kandrian Empire."

Rui shrugged. "If possible, yes. A stronger Kandria means more security for my family. Not to mention, I am indebted to."

Rui had not forgotten that he had made use of a priceless resource to manipulate time to save his father and avoid the throne while also protecting his family. The Topaz of Time was now forever gone because Rui made use of it. Thus, it was only right that he compensated the Kandrian Empire for indulging in his selfishness.

What better way to do so than to provide the Kandrian Empire with a resource that was even more precious?

His recent spikes in the understanding of the Beast Domain informed him of just how exotic and unprecedented the Mellow Manifold was. It was more than what he took, which he could wave off as interest.

"…But only if we survive."

That caveat, unfortunately, dampened their excitement. If, at this very moment, the Master-level beast leaped out and attacked them, then the two of them were dead on the spot with absolutely no chance of survival.

A simple roar from a Master-level beast had left Rui half-dead previously.

The severity of the hurdles that they had to overcome one by one was far too great, even for the potential rewards. For anybody else, not even potentially gaining a Transcendent resource was enough to ward off the threat of the Master-

level beast.

-



Chapter 1978  Angelic Encounter



"If you can get your hands on the source of the Mellow Manifold, then…" Kane's eyes lit up with greed and wonder. "That would be insa-"

RUMBLE

A wave of peril washed over them.

The two of them leaped away, catching a hazy glimpse of the threat that surged towards them.

What they saw shook them.

It had six enormous brilliant shining wings that emerged from a humanoid torso. The creature didn't have a head; instead, bearing enormous eyes across the entirety of its body. Eyes that were each in a trance.

"Angel…" Rui whispered, stunned.

The angel species was one of the most bizarre and exotic species of the Beast Domain. It was the least understood species among all apex monster species that resided deep within the Beast Domain, leading extremely solitary lives.

The enlightenment of the Tree of Life

Rui's expression grew grave when he noticed a fourth pair of small baby wings below the three enormous pairs that drew all the attention.

The eyes across its body slowly turned towards Rui, fixing on him.

Within them, an inhuman, malevolent bloodlust palpably shook the air. "Get out of here." A chilling instruction escaped Rui as his dark eyes sharpened.

Kane gulped, immediately adhering, before taking off.

Unfortunately, the angel had no intention of allowing that. Its wings flapped a single time, generating an enormous wind current that it then manipulated seamlessly to attack Kane.

It was within Rui's prediction.

"Breathing Crucifix." His cold voice cut through the bloodlust of the angel. The angel froze as the wings that also served as its breathing organs experienced a sudden reduction in its breathing capabilities, halting its offense.

Yet, Rui was far from done.

"Sonic Singularity." The world screamed.

Heaven and Earth shook as a tsunami of sound converged onto the angel.

BOOOM!

Yet, Rui could only widen his eyes when the creature effortlessly resisted his sound domain. WHOOOSH!!

With a light flap of its wings, it effortlessly dispelled the sound despite being restricted by Breathing Crucifix. His expression grew grave at the sheer nonchalance the being displayed in the face of his domain.

Yet, he wasn't surprised.

Angels were born as weak as humans. Their wings were the source of their power, and each successive pair of wings was multiplicative in the total power that it supplied to the angel.

The power that they offered was considered to be similar to Martial Realms. This particular angel had three massive pairs and one small pair. That most likely meant that its power exceeded that of the Senior Realm considerably.

And it proved him correct.

WHOOOSH!!!

It flapped its wings, generating a million powerful, sharp wind currents that converged onto Rui, ready to turn him into flesh confetti.

Unfortunately, its attempt was too paltry.

THWOOM THWOOM THWOOM THWOOM THWOOM!

Rui fired off five Mighty Roar Flash Blasts in rapid succession, blunting the incoming wind currents.

BOOOOOM!!!

He emerged from the ensuing explosion with light bruises and wounds, yet his innate healing kicked into action, quickly fixing them.

He never once let Breathing Crucifix off during the entire time.

A fact that clearly irked the angel as it flapped its wings once more, launching it forward at astonishing speeds. The sheer acceleration that its powerful wings were able to generate was well beyond Rui's ability to even perceive.

Such was the power of an angel.

However, there were two angels in this battle.

One that faced Rui.

And one that helped him.

The Angel of Laplace had made it just in time.

His mind expanded into the fourth dimension, reaching the future and past.

WHOOSH!

The tranced eyes of the body of the angel widened with surprise as Rui cleanly evaded its bullrush, sidestepping it. "Your wings show me the future." A soft whisper escaped him as he focused on the micro and macro patterns of each of the eight wings that emerged from the creature's back.

Because they were so central to the threat that the angel posed to him, he needed only to pay attention to the preparatory movements to know exactly what was to come. After that, it was just a matter of timing his movements after the point of no return before the movements began.

WHOOOSH!

The angel flapped its wings once more, shooting forward at absurdly blinding speeds in the briefest of moments.

Yet, by the time it reached Rui, he was already gone.

No, he was never there to begin with.

THWOOM!

Instead, it was greeted by a cheerful Mighty Roar Flash Blast.

BOOM!

The impact staggered it as the tranced angel grew stunned. The many eyes across its entire body sharpened as rage flickered in their depths. Unfortunately for Rui, it was not mindless enough to continue with an approach that had failed twice. It stared at Rui.

Its large and powerful eyes were unnerving. In their depths, Rui could sense a sophisticated evaluation of him and the best way to approach this battle.

The angel species was one of the most intelligent species in the Beast Domain and certainly the most intelligent species he had encountered now.

That was why he could understand what it conveyed to him.

Outsider. It remarked non-verbally. Submit.

He didn't mind the occasional non-verbal trash talk. However, its words made him pause. Upstodatee from n(0)/v𝒆/lbIn/.(co/m

…Submit? He stared at it impassively, quizzical.

Submit. It reaffirmed. Submit to the hive.

Rui's widened with shock. "…What?"

Its stare intensified. Submit.

His eyes narrowed. Fuck off.

A deep-seated rage erupted from the depths of its eyes. Its wings expanded to their full glory, massively dwarfing its torso as it covered an enormous amount of area. They stretched back to the maximum degree possible.

Then die. Bloodlust flickered in the depths of its eyes. WHOOOOSH!

Its wings flapped, and in just a moment, an enormous, dense tornado was born. The tornado surged forward, rushing towards it with astounding levels of power and speed. It didn't matter if Rui saw it coming from a mile away.

How did one dodge something that was almost everywhere?

BOOOM!!!



Chapter 1979  Vulnerabilities



What followed was a scarring battle that ravaged the section of the Beast Domain that he was in. BOOM BOOM BOOM!

Rui spiraled around in the air as his mind furiously processed tons of information. His eyes never once left the creature's wings.

Every shift, twitch, contraction, and expansion.

All of it.

He watched all of it, extrapolating the future from the predictive model that only grew more refined with each passing second. Yet, that wasn't the only thing that kept his mind busy.

He rapidly gathered SOUL data on the angel, which, like all creatures in the Mellow Dungeon, was in a trace. He was grateful for the lack of necessity for the Soul Void technique in this particular circumstance. It would have been far more of a pain if he needed to get close to put such a powerful creature in a trance.

RUMBLE!

WHOOSH WHOOSH WHOOSH!

Rui pirouetted across the Mellow Dungeon as he struggled to evade the generated tornados one after another. They were slower than the angel's individual bullrushes, yet they were enormous and covered a huge amount of area, making them much more difficult to evade.

That was why he kept Nemean Blossom active.

The powerful Metabody technique helped him weather the tremendous tornados generated by the angel. Each of them possessed the power to reduce a mountain to rubble. Thankfully, with the combined power of Nemean Blossom, Adamant Reforging, and Flux Earther, he could largely dispel the impacts of the powerful tornados with little effort.

On top of that, the greatest issue with widescale attacks was that they drastically reduced potency. This meant that while attacks struck Rui with greater frequency due to his inability to evade all of them, the amount of power actually attacking him was only a fraction of the total power.

Thus, while he was displeased with the sheer scale of the attacks, he was perfectly fine with the force they inflicted on him.

Unfortunately, this was not a sustainable venture.

This level of output was standard business for the angel. Rui could tell because there were absolutely no hints of strain or exertion across the entirety of its body. It could maintain this over longer periods of time.

Unfortunately, the same could not be said for the Metabody System.

BOOM BOOM BOOM!!!

Three enormous, powerful tornados clashed with Rui even as he tried to escape them, leaving a series of light cuts across the entirety of his body. His expression grew grave.

The fact that it was able to hurt him through the Nemean Blossom was troubling. His eyes grew grim as he accelerated the SOUL System processing as much as he could. A flood of data coursed through the depths of his Mind Palace, quickly layering on to the nascent SOUL model that he was forming on the angel.

WHOOSH!

His eyes widened as he plummeted midair; the air from beneath his feet had been abruptly yanked by a powerful suction, causing him to have no footing for evasion. Five tornados converged on him.

BOOOOOM!!!

"Rgh!" He grimaced as wounds emerged across the entire body at a dangerous rate. The sheer damage that he had incurred had been so high that the Nemean Blossom technique had been emptied in an instant, deprived of all durability that it could offer him.

The angel rushed to exploit the opportunity, exerting its maximum power to crush him on the spot.

BOOOOOM!!!

A thundering explosion rang across the Mellow Manifold.

The eyes across the body of the angel closed as it deemed the job complete. Upstodatee from n(0)/v𝒆/lbIn/.(co/m

Unfortunately, it was wrong.

SPLAT!

Its body shook as it felt a sharp, excruciating pain emerging from its back.

"Having so many eyes must suck," Rui's chilling murmur emerged from him as his arm dug deeper into the angel's body. "So many targets. So many vulnerabilities."

Its wings expanded as they unleashed an omnidirectional blast wa— "Phantom Pain."

VMMMMMMM!!!

The power in the creature's muscles died as an ocean of pain flooded its nervous system and its brain, incapacitating as it quivered, convulsing with unfathomable agony. SPLAT!

Rui disemboweled a large eyeball from its back, tossing it away.

Rage and pain flashed in its remaining eyes as it unleashed a multitude of tornados at Rui, seeking to crush him once and for all.

WHOOSH!

Its eyes widened as the tornados crashed into an empty image, completely having missed it from the very get-go.

Rui appeared before it, deactivating Greater Phantomind Void.

"I can see your soul."

It was the last thing that it heard before the world went dark.

SPLAT!

Rui's hammered right through the eyeball on its abdomen, reaching for the brain at the center of its body. The body of the angel went limp as it died on the spot.

He scoffed coldly. "With such glaring weaknesses, it would be an insult to consider you a true quasi-Master-level threat."

Still, he didn't like how close the battle had been. If the SOUL System had not kicked in at the last moment, allowing him to precisely evade the incoming attacks at the right moment and place.

"Huff…" He heaved a soft sigh of relief as he dropped the body, letting it plummet. "At least I collected all the data on it. This way, if the Master-level creature is an angel, I'll be able to better account for it in our strategy to get out of here."

His eyes returned to the fallen angel's corpse.

While it was far inferior to Master Gurren and certainly astronomically inferior to the Elder Tree, he could understand why angels were considered to be masters of the heavens. They had an extraordinary affinity for heaven, allowing them to be masterfully adept at heaven-bending.

"If that fourth pair of wings was fully mature…" Rui narrowed his eyes gravely. "I'd probably be dead right now."

It would have most likely become a Master-level beast, capable of exerting a truly tremendous amount of power when all four wings worked together. He definitely would have died within ten seconds of the battle.

-



Chapter 1980 Insightful Inferences

He carefully reviewed and stored the data that he had collected. If the obscure and rare angel species were present in the dungeon, then there was a very realistic chance that the Master-level beast was at the core of the dungeon guarding the source of the Mellow Manifold.

He recalled its message to him.

Submit to the hive.

"Hive…" His eyes narrowed. "I see."

It appeared that he had underestimated the degree to which the dungeon had integrated the beasts and creatures into its system.

His eyes turned to the corpse as something caught his eye.

Several subterranean rodents emerged from the ground around the angel, digging the ground underneath it as they quickly pushed the creature further and further into the soil.

His eyes lit up with interest as glowing roots became exposed meters underneath the land. The little rodents wrapped up the corpse in the long glowing roots before covering all of it up in soil and returning.

He hadn't missed the fact that each of the rodents was in a deep trance.

This wasn't the first time he had seen it, having butchered plenty of monsters. However, in light of what the angel had told him, he saw it in a new light.

"Normally, the roots of the dungeon do this," Rui narrowed his eyes.

In both the Shionel and Serevian Dungeon, the roots of the dungeon were mobile, able to sense and absorb the corpses for nutrients.

In fact, the inheritance of the Elder Tree blatantly told him that this was the norm for most dungeons.

His eyes lit up as an insightful realization. "Could it be that the reason that this dungeon evolved the ability to put creatures in a trance and enslave them rose as a result of its immobile roots?"

If that was the case, it would explain why the dungeon needed to enslave all creatures in the dungeon. If it was an immobile entity, it needed something else to control that would serve as its arms and legs.

Naturally, it would also explain why it desperately needed these creatures for protection.

The Shionel and the Serevian dungeons did not necessarily require monsters and beasts to defend themselves or to mine esoteric substances. Both dungeons possessed substantial physical power of their own, relatively speaking.

Perhaps that was why they hadn't evolved such a trance-like mechanism.

Perhaps that was why the Mellow Dungeon did, to the point that an intelligent being like an angel called it a hive.

That was rather telling.

If that was the case, then all the pieces fit in. The oddities that he had observed in the Mellow Dungeon set it apart from all other dungeons. All became explainable if the Mellow Dungeon was impotent in one of its own capabilities, requiring other species to do what other dungeons would be able to do by themselves.

"No wonder it pursued the aggressive strategy of selective breeding and Darwinian evolution." Rui realized.

The creatures of the Mellow, barring some here and there like the angel species, were most likely far too weak to guard what was probably a Transcendent treasure. If the dungeon felt that it was too vulnerable, then Rui could fully understand its decision to leverage the esoteric substance's space-time power to create a domain isolated from the rest of the Beast Domain to accelerate the evolution process of the weak creatures by a factor of one hundred and forty-four.

"It would also explain why it keeps absorbing phenomena above a certain level of esotericity and power," Rui murmured impassively. "It can gain more security for itself if it is able to absorb powerful beasts and monsters."

That would explain why creatures non-native to the Mellow were present in the Mellow Dungeon. Perhaps there were some monsters from the surrounding Master-level danger zones that wandered into the Mellow looking for easy prey but were, in turn, absorbed by the Mellow Dungeon and became a part of the hive, forced to breed, evolve, and do the bidding of the Mellow Dungeon.

The angel had demanded that Rui submit to the hive.

"…That means the Mellow Dungeon wants to enslave and make me a part of its hive?" Rui narrowed his eyes coldly. "But why not just send the Master-level beast instead of a creature weaker than me?" Upstodatee from n(0)/v𝒆/lbIn/.(co/m

Rui knew that a Master-level creature would have been able to apprehend him effortlessly and drag him away to the core where the trance enslaving most likely happened.

There was no logical reason that it would not make this choice. Either he had deeply overestimated the intelligence of the Mellow Dungeon's consciousness, or the reason that it didn't deploy the Master-level asset of the Mellow Dungeon was that…

"…it can't?"

If so, he had stumbled into some truly astounding insights. He could infer that there was a significant possibility that the Master-level asset of the dungeon was limited in its ability to be deployed. Rui didn't know how or why this would be the case if it truly was. But he was unable to figure out any realistic reason for the dungeon not to deploy the master-

level asset if it was able to.

"If so, this could be the key." Rui realized. "If it has limitations or conditions, then they can be exploited to reach the source of the Mellow Dungeon safely and break out of this place without a fight potentially."

Of course, this was the most optimistic possibility. Rui was not naive enough to believe that reality would be in his favor. However, the best part was that he was learning more and more about the dungeon and the threats he was to face so that he could better plan their escape from the Mellow Manifold. It also increased the probability that they would be able to convince the Divine Doctor to accept their offer and concede to helping Rui's father from his condition.

RUMBLE

A wave of seismic radiation from within the depths of the dungeon broke him out of his reverie, drawing his attention.

-



