Chapter 2020  Consequences



The fire and poison attacks were not only attacks that bypassed Flux Earther but were also wide in their area of effect, making it impossible to evade.

Yet, their wide area of effect was also their greatest weakness.

THWOOM THWOOM!

Potent Mighty Roar Flash Blasts blasted two holes in the parts of the fire and poison waves that were going to hit Rui, allowing him to evade the attack entirely.

So what if their combined power exceeded his? All that power meant nothing if they could not control, focus, and direct it with precision and accuracy. Rui was basically a tiny dot compared to them, but that actually worked in his favor because these creatures could not focus all their power against a tiny dot.

However, the reverse was not true.

They could not make their power hit him, but he certainly could hit them with his power.

THWOOM THWOOM THWOOM THWOOOM THWOOM!!!!!

Rui fired his first tier-five Transverse Resonance as a Martial Master.

Its power was even greater than he had imagined.

Just as even the softest of whispers had become prominent speech, the power of his sound attacks had increased titanically, growing devastatingly more powerful.

BOOOOOOOOMMMMM!!!!!

The devastating attack crashed into the basilisk, ravaging it.

While these creatures were more durable than him, that came from their size, not from the toughness of their hide. Against a honed, focused attack of Rui's caliber, it could not offer too much protection.

"ROOOOOOAAAAAARRRR!!!"

The creature screamed in pain as the powerful impact bored into its flesh. Yet, before he could deal it even more damage—

BOOM BOOM!!!

The twin dragons crashed into him with remarkable speed, knocking him away. The two creatures were far quicker than he was, able to rapidly catch up to him and—

"I can see your souls."

WHOOSH!

The two Master-level dragons widened their eyes with surprise as they crashed into an empty image, momentarily caught off-guard.

Rui exploited the moment of respite to target the basilisk rather than the two twin dragons, but alas, the phoenix refused to let off so easily.

"SCREEEEEEE!!!"

It spat an inferno of extraordinary magnitude at Rui, forcing him to launch attacks to dispel the attack. By then, however, the basilisk and the twin dragons were already prepared to continue the assault.

WHOOOSH!

Rui flashed away as he narrowly avoided a charge from the two twin dragons, yet the very next moment, an enormous wave of poison threatened to drown him.

THWOOM THWOOM THWOOM!!!

By the time the Transverse Resonance attacks dispelled the poison, the two twin dragons had already arrived once more.

Unfortunately for them, Rui had been waiting precisely just for that.

"Hypertrophic Surge." A cold smile emerged on his face.

The two dragons shuddered moments before the collision, but it was too late.

BOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOMMMMM!!!

A devastating Flowing Canon ravaged the two dragons, knocking them from the sky.

Yet, the phoenix was already ready.

"Breathing Crucifix." He shifted the hypnosis from the crystal-furred ape to the phoenix, stopping its inferno attack before he could even begin.

THWOOM THWOOM THWOOM THWOOM THWOOM!!!

BOOOOOOOOOOOOOOMMMMMMMM!!!!!

A devastating collision ravaged the basilisk, leaving it unmoving as blood spurted out from its skull.

There was a strategic reason that Rui was most focused on the basilisk.

Of all the offensive options stacked against him, poison was the only one he didn't have any innate defenses and resistance against. Thus, the most strategic target to take out was the basilisk, the death of which drastically reduced his chances of defeat.

He glanced around at his handiwork.

A choking phoenix.

Knocked out twin dragons.

And eight beasts incapacitated with extreme heat.

It wasn't that Muspelheim was more powerful than all eight of them combined.

It was merely antithetical.

Rui's powerful mind sense could detect the very manifestations of pain and agony from those creatures. His powerful material senses allowed him to detect the profuse internal hemorrhaging that had already commenced due to the extreme heat.

Perhaps that made him more amenable to mercy.

WHOOSH!

With a single wave of his hand, he gathered the incapacitated beasts before rising up into the air and preparing himself.

His Martial Embodiment spread far and wide, killing increasingly ever more creatures as he rose up into the air and harming countless outside of the death range.

To him, it was nothing. He was not doing anything.

But to the various creatures that beheld him without dying, it was horrifying.

A single instinct welled up within them.

To get away as far as possible from the Mellow.

Thousands, millions, nearly a billion creatures began migrating as the endless void eroded countless minds.

Countless Apprentice, Squire, Senior, and even Master-level beasts ran away with extreme terror, heading deeper into the Beast Domain, as was their instinct, determined to never return.

The scale of the exodus increased with each passing second as the mass exodus triggered more and more beasts and monsters deeper within the Beast Domain into a panic.

Had Rui stopped then and there, the damage to the ecosystems of the Mellow and surrounding regions would have been reversible.

But what he did only sealed it forever.

WHOOOOOOOSHHH!!!!!

He inhaled deeply, causing a horrific flood of air to enter his lungs, momentarily causing a vacuum within the Mellow. At that moment, his Martial Embodiment changed from a flowing void to an enormous siege weapon of mass destruction.

THWOOM THWOOM THWOOM THWOOM THWOOM THWOOM THWOOM THWOOM THWOOM THWOOM!!!!! n/ô/vel/b//jn dot c//om

Ten Mighty Roar Flash Blasts surged in rapid succession of each other, merging into a single attack, surging towards the twelve Master-level beasts.

The world beheld the very first tier ten Transverse Resonance attack.

BOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMM!!!!!!!

The most horrific collision, the likes of which even Rui had never seen, erupted from the center of the Mellow.

A devastating blast wave swallowed up everything.

Everyone.

A mass exodus that previously might have eventually reversed had all but become absolutely permanent and unstoppable. The horrifying energy that Rui had released, along with his horrifying Martial Embodiment, had forever marked the Mellow and the surrounding regions as taboo within the instincts of the creatures that migrated away from it, never to return.

Countless creatures surged deeper into the Beast Domain, forever changing its dynamics, increasing population density, and crossing critical thresholds of competition to unprecedented levels.

Every action had consequences.

Unbeknownst to Rui, this event would eventually change the future of the Panama Continent forever.



Chapter 2021  The Price of the Martial Mind



"Woah," Rui murmured, pleasantly surprised. He was pleased with his newfound destructive power.

It was overkill, but there was a concrete reason that he had gone this far.

Not even twelve beasts had been able to push him to his limits. They had indeed forced him to use all aspects of his Martial Art, but the moment he used the Metabody System, it was game over.

He wanted to know how powerful he was.

He needed to know.

And now, he had a better idea.

RUMBLE!!!!!

Earthquakes, volcanic eruptions, floods, landslides, and countless other natural disasters radiated from the epicenter of the horrific destruction that Rui was able to unleash.

Once, where the Mellow used to be, was a hemispherical crater that was many dozens of kilometers in diameter. It was almost surreal, but such was the power of the efficiency brought about by the Martial Mind's cognition.

"Hmmm…all that power, and I wasn't even able to kill my targets," Rui impassively murmured as he glanced at the spot they had been right before the attack struck them.

The spot that they had been before they disappeared.

It happened within a microsecond, yet Rui's enhanced cognition was able to perceive it in slow motion.

Right before the attack struck them, the twelve creatures had disappeared.

They were teleported away.

"Elder Tree…" Rui stoically glanced in the direction of the north of the Beast Domain.

Of course, the Beast Domain being larger than many planets meant that he most certainly couldn't see the north, but he knew that the Elder Tree was responsible for teleporting all those creatures from death, just as it had done for him and Kane five years three years ago.

He heaved a soft sigh before turning in the direction that Kane and the Divine Doctor had escaped in, leaping towards them

WHOOSH

…STEP

Within seconds, he had already caught up to them, deactivating his Martial Mind and Martial Heart.

"Rui…!" Kane gazed at him with shock. "That was rather quick," the Divine Doctor commented with faint interest. "I believe achieving this level of power immediately upon discovery of the Martial Mind is statistically unprecedented in the Martial World. You might have been upset, but you should be grateful to whoever implanted the memories of another person into you for achieving such power this quickly would be otherwise impossible."

Rui could not deny that.

"Let's go," Rui replied. "We'll exit the Beast Domain in the south as soon as possible. I'll carry the two of you at top speed so we won't experience delays."

Rui had no intention of traveling for weeks and months on end as they did when he was still a Senior.

He yearned to return to the Kandrian Empire after having spent five years away from it.

"We should take some rest once we exit the Master-level belt." the Divine Doctor recommended.

Rui frowned. "And why is that?"

"The drawbacks of the Martial Mind, of course," The Divine Doctor lightly remarked. "Rest immediately after application of the Martial Mind will minimize the amount of rest your brain will need to recover from the usage of the Martial Mind, but delaying it can increase the amount of required rest exponentia—"

"—Wait." Rui's eyes widened with surprise. "Rest? Are you telling me I need to sleep specifically for the Martial Mind?"

"Of course," the doctor smiled. "Did you think the power of the Martial Mind comes for free? Without a cost? Such a thing does not exist. The Martial Mind is extremely taxing on your brain. I would recommend you sleep for a short amount of time as soon as we leave the Master-level belt rather than spend hours sleeping in addition to normal sleep. The more you delay it, the more sleep you require. Delay it for too long, and you may very well incur seizures and other neurological disorders."

"What?!" Rui stared at him, shocked.

"So it's kinda like a loan?" Kane remarked with furrowed eyebrows. "The more you delay, the more you end up repaying in return? But if you repay it immediately, then you only need to repay what you took."

"That is an apt analogy," the Divine Doctor impassively replied. "Oh well, I'll leave the decision to you. It's your choice. But this is something that every Martial Master needs to be careful about. A mind requires sleep; two minds require more sleep. In many ways, Martial Artists operate in Realms of power far beyond their normal power, which is that of the Squire Realm. The Martial Heart and Mind come with their own prices."

Rui heaved a sigh. "Fine. Once we leave the Master-level belt of the Beast Domain, I'll get some rest. Hopefully, it won't be for too long, considering that I didn't use my Martial Mind for too long. Now that I know about the price of the Master Realm, I can't afford to waste time; let's go."

BADUMP!

His Martial Heart and Mind blazed into action as Rui swept up the two of them with heave-bending before rapidly shooting through the Master-level belt of the Beast Domain at extraordinary speeds.

The revelation of the price of the Martial Mind was new to him.

Then again, so had the price of the Martial Heart been when he broke through to the Senior Realm. It would probably have been told to him had he been in the Kandrian Empire at the moment, but thankfully, he had the Divine Doctor.

He didn't even want to think about what would have happened without the man informing him about the truth.

At the sheer speeds that he traveled, it wasn't too long before they arrived at a safe Apprentice-level zone well outside of the Master-level belt.

Rui sat against a wall, letting his head rest back.

Never before had he fallen asleep that quickly. "…Doesn't this mean Martial Masters can be quite vulnerable?" Kane frowned as he gazed at the dozing Rui.

The doctor huffed. "That has always been the case. Nobody is invulnerable."

-n/ô/vel/b//jn dot c//om



Chapter 2022 Close

﻿﻿Rui didn't have any dreams.

It appeared that the state of sleep that let his brain rest after the Martial Mind was perhaps even deeper than normal sleep.

Regardless, it passed by in an instant.

Almost as if he had just blinked.

By the time he woke up, he felt quite refreshed, glancing at the Divine Doctor and Kane sitting around a fire.

"…How long was I out?"

"About an hour," the Divine Doctor replied impassively. "More or less the expected amount."

"Huff…" Rui shook his head, heaving a sigh. "…Annoying drawback."

"You can just stop using the Martial Mind if you don't like it." The Divine Doctor lightly remarked with a frozen smile. "The same goes for the Martial Heart. Martial Seniors who don't actively use their Martial Heart will live twice as long as those who regularly use it."

"…Meh, it's worth it," Rui muttered impassively. "Besides, it can overlap with regular sleep, too, I notice. However, it does disrupt your circadian cycle."

"Most Martial Masters rest as soon as possible after the application of the Martial Mind." The Divine Doctor informed Rui. "So long as they get it over with immediately, they can minimize the amount of time gone into resting."

"Hmmm…" Rui grew immersed in thought. "It puts the Martial Mind in a different light than before."

The Divine Doctor's smile widened. "Living beings are not able to maximize every ounce of potential without some price to pay. The Martial Heart and Martial Mind, at their full power, at least, are transient and are elevated states of life. They are not normal, and they demand a price to raise one's self to such a level. These prices take a toll on the body. It's partly why the Panamic Martial Federation prohibits the sale or mass propagation of forbidden techniques."

Rui's dark eyes lit up with faint interest. "That makes sense, I suppose. The Martial Heart is sort of like a forbidden technique. It's allowed because it's absolutely necessary to reach higher Realms and progress down one's Martial Path."

The mention of the Panamic Martial Federation reminded Rui of the fact that he was due for some meetings with them as a Martial Master. Martial Masters were qualified to become members of the Panamic Martial Federation, an organization collectively founded to introduce some bare minimum regulations deemed necessary in the Martial World and industry.

As a Martial Master, he had gained the qualifications to impact the norms, guidelines, and laws of the Martial World. Although he wasn't quite familiar with its bureaucratic structure, he knew that he most likely would be invited to its headquarters as soon as his breakthrough to the Master Realm became well-known.

It reminded him of the many other engagements and commitments he had in the Kandrian Empire. The past five years in the Beast Domain had made him almost forget the fact that he had a faction and administration of his own.

He had the support of many powerful national and even international patrons, donors, and benefactors who had become stakeholders in his campaign for the throne.

His eyes sharpened at the thought of his intentions becoming known to all of them.

It was a scary possibility.

Yes, he was a royal prince and a high member of the Martial Union.

Yes, he was now a Martial Master.

But earning the ire of so many powerful entities was not a light consequence. Even for a Martial Master, this was a tremendous amount of pressure as many of his stakeholders had the caliber to commission and deploy Martial Masters.

Some of them were so powerful that they could even have them on retainer as bodyguards, like Guildmaster Bradt.

Earning all of their ire for essentially having deceived them the entire time while taking their money and making false promises was something that Rui would rather avoid happening.

He could only hope that Master Reina and the Sloth Sage had kept their word and ensured that it was a secret.

"Let's go." Rui got up, feeling an urge to return to the Kandrian Empire as soon as possible. "I want to get out of the Beast Domain and return to the Human Domain as soon as possible."

He had had enough of the savagery of the Beast Domain.

He yearned for civilization.

They soon departed as Rui sped through the Beast Domain at extraordinary speeds.

If usage of the Martial Mind required corresponding rest, then it was best to make sure that he put this time to maximal good use, employing his Metabody System to accelerate.

Soon, they exited the Beast Domain.

After nearly five years in the Beast Domain, Rui and Kane had finally left.

As for the Divine Doctor, he had spent decades in the Beast Domain. This vessel of his had grown much older, which explained his desire to conduct a soul transference data save to ensure that the information of the memories of this particular vessel would not die along with it.

The journey through the Human Domain was much longer, naturally.

However, the dangers of the Human Domain were also far lower. While Rui and Kane had naturally grown eyes on the back of their heads, such levels of alertness weren't necessary within the Human Domain.

They passed through huts, settlements, villages, towns, and eventually nations as they went deeper and deeper into the Human Domain at extremely speeds.

"Ah," the Divine Doctor interjected. "Drop me here—"

"No."

Rui's voice was chilling.

"The very first thing you will do is heal my father. After that, you may conduct your soul transference ritual and do whatever you want. But you and your precious memories are going absolutely nowhere until my father is perfectly restored, glowing with health."

"…huff," the Divine Doctor heaved a tired sigh.

This was the original reason Rui had left for the Beast Domain in the first place.

After five years, he had gotten so close.

Nothing was allowed to stand in his way.

He was not willing to delay the healing of his father by even a second.

-



Chapter 2023  Recognized Change



As Rui surged towards the Kandrian Empire at top speed, his homesickness and nostalgia bubbled over.

He hadn't realized how much he longed to return to the Kandrian Empire.

He longed to put an end to all of this.

He was sick and tired of living on a timeline.

Pressure did indeed push him forward, but it took its toll and could be counter-productive when he didn't need it. Now that he had broken through to the Master Realm, he needed time to consolidate the many massive gains he had made in the past five years.

Additionally, as a person, he needed time to breathe.

Time to think.

He never got a chance to process many of the things that had happened. With less than four years to find the Divine Doctor, he postponed everything that didn't directly contribute to his Martial Art or the goal of finding the Divine Doctor for after the latter was completed.

Now that he was almost there, it was almost surreal, and his paranoia surged.

What if he hadn't managed to make it in time?

What if they were attacked by a random Martial Sage?

What if the Divine Doctor died for some reason or the other before he could heal his father?

They weren't exactly the most rational concerns, but now that Rui had gotten this close to their goal, he couldn't help but feel immense fear of everything that could go wrong at the last minute.

He surged through the Panama Continent at extraordinary speeds, ignoring the conventional wisdom not to waste power during travel. He lacked the patience to spend weeks traveling at a low speed painstakingly.

Much to his relief, they reached the Far eastern side of the Panama Continent without running into a hostile Martial Sage and without the Divine Doctor dying for inexplicable reasons.

STEP

He landed on a mountain peak.

"The Kandrian Empire…" A whisper escaped Rui as he gazed at the distant fort walls that ran along the border of the nation.

"Man, it's been a while…" Kane murmured, turning to Rui. "How are we getting in?"

Rui wordlessly pulled an amulet with the crest of the Kandrian Empire, pressing a button at the center.

Kane frowned. "What's that—"

Suddenly, his eyes closed as his body went limp.

Simultaneously, even the Divine Doctor lost consciousness, threatening collapse.

RUMBLE

Chills crawled up Rui's spine as he experienced the extraordinary existence of a Martial Sage. It was all too familiar.

All too familiar, yet just as ineffable as ever.

It was as though the entire world prostrated before the might of the Sage Realm.

It was as though all of heaven and earth bent under the sheer weight of such a colossal being.

Everywhere they went, they became the center of the world. n/ô/vel/b//in dot c//om

Nothing could ignore the magnitude of their suchness.

Nothing was allowed to.

Rui was no different.

His gaze was fixed on the Martial Sage that had arrived before him.

Yet, it was Sage Sayfeel who was unable to take his eyes off Rui.

"Your Highness…" Pure bewilderment could be heard in his voice as his eyes widened with astonishment.

Try as he might, he was unable to contain the shock that he experienced when he beheld Rui for the first time in three years.

It was incomprehensible.

He didn't understand.

He didn't understand how a thirty-two-year-old Martial Senior returned to the Kandrian Empire as a Martial Master three years later. He was stunned, frozen, as his powerful gaze pinned Rui where he stood, trying to comprehend how such a thing was possible.

Yet, the truth eluded him.

Breaking through to the Master Realm at such a young age was an unfathomable world-shattering accomplishment that would undoubtedly rock the entire Martial World, yet he couldn't even imagine how Rui broke through to such a high level of power from the very get-go.

"It's been a while, Your Sagehood," Rui bowed his head lightly, expressing the respect that a Martial Sage was worthy of.

Yet the Martial Sage had not failed to miss the frost in Rui's voice.

Where there was warmth was a cold apathy.

Where there was light was an empty void.

"I've accomplished what I set out for." Rui's tone was stoic.

Impassive.

His eyes were dark.

The Final Prince's return triumphant from a voyage to heal the emperor and restore the Empire's harmony was something that should have brought a smile to his face.

Yet, when he beheld Rui, his eyes sharpened as his expression grew grave.

"…You've changed," his tone was severe. "Your Highness."

"…Be that as it may," Rui's tone was calm. "I have succeeded in what I set out to accomplish."

The air pricked.

It tingled, growing more tense as the intensity of their gazes rose.

"…I cannot help but wonder at what cost has your success come." The Martial Sage closed his eyes. "Nonetheless, I must acknowledge your triumph. I was convinced you would fail. Yet, you have succeeded against all odds, proving me wrong. I would like to offer congratulations and…"

His tone grew more solemn. "…my condolences."

Rui stared at the man wordlessly.

His eyes were dark, his expression chilling. The high from his breakthrough and the ecstasy of testing his newfound power against the twelve Master-level beasts had worn off over the long journey back, returning him to his impassive self.

Sage Sayfeel heaved a soft sigh, turning to the unconscious Divine Doctor as his eyes lit up with intrigue.

"Is this…?"

"The Divine Doctor." Rui's tone was stoic. "Please be careful with your hypnosis; his mind and memories are priceless; it would not do for any damage to come to them."

"Rest assured, I have been exceedingly cautious and limited, merely putting the doctor and the young master to sleep," Sage Sayfeel replied. "The secrecy of my identity is paramount. It cannot be divulged at any cost."

His gaze returned to Rui. "Much has happened during your time away from the Kandrian Empire. However, for now, let us return to the Empire and finish what you set out for. Additionally, you have been using your Martial Mind for quite some time, and you will need some rest before you are ready to face the consequences of deceiving those who stood by you."

-



Chapter 2024  Rushed



Rui's expression grew grave at his words.

They were ominous. Yet, he was also right. There were more important things at hand.

"Let us return."

WHOOSH

The world flashed away in a flurry of streaks as Sage Sayfeel warped them away at incredible speeds.

Rui studied his technique with faint interest.

As a Martial Master, he was able to glean far more than he ever had. He was altering the very fabric of space-time to propel them forward, but now Rui could see the exact principle of the technique.

Much to his surprise, it was no different from a proposed form of space-time propulsion back on Earth. Rui wasn't entirely sure how, but he warped space to push from behind and pull from the front by expanding and compressing space.

It was the same principle as an Alcubierre warp drive.

"Fascinating…" Rui's voice grew more invigorated. STEP

Their journey halted as Rui found himself in a familiar place. It was the same royal medical wing of the royal palace where his father was being hospitalized. The room was large and extravagant with all kinds of medical artifacts and instruments all in place for the sake of one patient.

Rui beheld his father for the first time in five years.

His worsened significantly.

His hair had grown whiter.

His body and face had grown skinnier and gaunter.

His skin had taken a dark sickly tone.

He was unrecognizable.

The sight of him made Rui wince.

Rui glanced at the Divine Doctor, only to notice that Kane was missing.

"I have transported the young master to a different room where he is resting," he remarked, donning a dark hood and a mask. "He is far from authorized to stand in the Emperor's presence. As for the Divine Doctor…"

Sage Sayfeel snapped his finger, releasing the man from his hypnosis while also suppressing his aura in its entirety. "I do not wish to delay the treatment and cure by even a single moment."

He also did not care to inquire about the arrangements that Rui had undoubtedly made with the doctor at that moment.

He didn't care to inquire about how Rui had managed to earn his services at this point in time.

Or how he even managed to find him.

He rushed past all the talks and conversations with Rui that were undoubtedly due.

He skipped formalities, officialities, protocols, and guidelines that were normally appropriate for an event of such importance and significance.All of them were secondary.

They were secondary to the healing of the Emperor of Harmony.

Once this was done, there was plenty of time to tackle the many issues that needed to be tackled.

Until then, however, Sage Sayfeel had rushed them along to the medical room of the emperor unceremoniously, unwilling to delay the treatment and cure by even a microsecond.

"You know…" the Divine Doctor remarked, waking up. "I wish you would warn me before hypnotizing me to sleep."

He heaved a soft sigh as his eyes wandered about the medical room they were in. The many medical instruments and artifacts in place were cutting-edge Kandrian esoteric technology. Many of them were connected to the Emperor of Harmony in one way or another, relaying information about his health.

Many were life-support systems in place, designed to keep him alive for as long as possible.

It was truly state-of-the-art technology.

Yet, not even that was enough to impress the Divine Doctor.

"Not bad, I suppose." the Divine Doctor's tone was bored. "Still, elementary."

His eyes shifted to Emperor Rael Di Kandria. "Hmmm…"

"Can you heal him?" Sage Sayfeel's voice was distorted by the mask that he had donned to hide his identity.

Yet, he could not hide the concern that lurked in the depths of his voice.

"Oh please, I could heal him even if he was on the brink of death," the Divine Doctor huffed indignantly. "In fact, perhaps we ought to let him rot for a few more months so that it actually becomes just a little bit of a challenge for m—"

A horrifying amount of bloodlust converged on him from Sage Sayfeel and Rui.

"—Or I suppose I could just save myself the trouble and heal him here." He smoothly changed his words without so much as a twitch, his smile as frozen as ever. "Besides, I look forward to my remuneration."

His eyes turned to Rui. A glint of insanity flickered in the depths of his eyes.

The air tingled, growing taut with tension.

It boiled under the peril that the man exuded.

"I hope you have not forgotten our agreement. You are intelligent enough to understand exactly what I am capable of." Faint peril lingered in his tone. "Do not make an enemy of the Divine Doctor, little inheritor."

Rui's eyes sharpened. He had no intention of testing the man's words. He would rather not discover what the man was capable of when he wanted to do harm.

"…I do not intend to violate my end of the agreement, rest assured. Return my father to peak health, and I shall give you exactly what I promised."

"Mmm…" The Divine Doctor's gaze returned to the Emperor of Harmony. "…Then that is exactly what I shall do, I suppose," he remarked, walking over to the head of the bed that cradled the emperor. "You there, Martial Sage, you shall be my assistant, got it?"

Sage Sayfeel stiffened as the Divine Doctor instantly identified him as a Martial Sage despite the former concealing his aura as best as possible. "…Understood."

As bad as the leak in highly classified intelligence was, Sage Sayfeel was too desperate for the Emperor to be healed to bother making a fuss about it at this point in time.

"Your Highness," Sage Sayfeel remarked, never once taking his eyes off the Divine Doctor. "You should get some rest; your Martial Mind has been active for quite some time. Additionally, you have journeyed a long time and have completed the mission you have set out for. You have earned a long, deep rest. Leave the rest to me."

Rui's eyebrows furrowed. "I'm fine, I want to watch—"

"—I'm afraid I must insist, Your Highness, for your own good," the Sage snapped his fingers. The world went dark, and Rui's consciousness shut down as he fell asleep. n/o/vel/b//in dot c//om

-



Chapter 2025 Surreality

﻿﻿When Rui woke up, he was unable to recall.

He was unable to recall where he was.

What he was doing.

How he had arrived.

For a moment, he simply blanked out, staring at the white ceiling that greeted him the moment he woke up.

And then it all came back in a flood.

He had returned to the Kandrian Empire.

He had successfully returned home with the Divine Doctor and had delivered him before the slumbering Emperor of Harmony.

He had completed his long-awaited goal.

For a moment, he felt like he was still sleeping.

Dreaming.

It was surreal.

Far too surreal.

Yet, it soon settled once he became more aware.

His attention turned to the place he was in.

An extravagant and ostentatious bedroom clad with precious metals and stones that could be nowhere else except in the Royal Palace.

Several maids and butlers bowed to him the moment he sat in his bed.

"Greetings, Your Highness." The head maid greeted him with a deeply revering tone.

He frowned. "How long has it been since I was asleep?"

"It's been about eight hours, Your Highness."

He narrowed his eyes.

Even though he had gone to sleep very shortly after he stopped the utility of his Martial Mind, he still essentially slept a good night's worth of sleep.

Of course, he had also accumulated a lot of normal mental and physical fatigue and exhaustion from traveling to the Kandrian Empire as fast as possible during the final stretch, which probably significantly inflated the amount of rest that he needed to recuperate.

Thankfully, it had been enough.

"Your Highness, you have received a Royal missive addressed to you."

The maid and butlers knelt on one knee as a scroll bearing the royal seal was presented to Rui by the head maid.

It was indeed addressed to Rui.

The sender was not mentioned, which most likely meant it was from Sage Sayfeel. His father had probably set up a system through which Sage Sayfeel could exercise authority without ever being exposed.

It would explain how he was able to exercise authority over a national treasure such as the Topaz of Time to be used to find the Divine Doctor.

He unfurled the scroll, reading the message.

[With the royal authority bestowed unto the missive by the royal seal, Prince Rui Quarrier Silas Kandria has been summoned to the royal room of the royal medical wing of the Vargard Royal Palace.]

He immediately got up, heading to the designated location in a hurry.

After all, it was the place where his father was being treated.

As he strode through the Royal Palace, he couldn't help but worry.

His paranoia surged against his will.

What if the Divine Doctor had failed?

What if he had been lying about his ability to heal the Eternal Dream Disease?

What if he hadn't been lying but made a mistake and screwed up the process?

His heart pounded against his ribcage, threatening to break out until he arrived at several Martial Master royal guards guarding the royal medical wing.

They shook.

They shook as their eyes widened.

For a moment, they had become paralyzed.

"…Your Highness…?" Pure and unadulterated shock emerged from them as they witnessed a Martial Master where there was supposed to be a Martial Senior.

They didn't understand.

They didn't understand how such a thing could happen.

Yet, Rui had no intention of explaining himself.

It wasn't important at the moment.

"Authorization." He showed them the scroll, walking past them without so much as missing a beat.

Layer after layer of intense security in place specifically to protect the Emperor erupted with shock and bewilderment when they detected a Master-level aura from the Final Prince.

Yet, Rui paid them no mind.

His attention was fixed on one and only one thing.

STEP

He arrived at the massive gates that opened to the royal ICU at the core of the medical wing specifically designed for his father.

CLACK

The door opened, and Rui's senses surged, eager and anxious to see what had become of his father.

The difference was almost dizzying.

Where there was once a decrepit old man who awaited death was a vibrant and vigorous man with glowing skin and golden hair.

His flesh had rejuvenated tremendously, returning to what it looked like in his prime. His hair resembled strands of the sunlight, almost luminous in how golden they were. His expression was peaceful and serene.

Harmonious as befitting him.

For the first time in a long time, the Emperor of Harmony truly rested.

"Haha…Hahaha…" A weak laugh escaped Rui as he beheld the miracle that he had persevered through countless tribulations to achieve.

He almost couldn't believe what he was seeing.

It was difficult to parse.

Difficult to truly fathom the state of reality as it was.

Yet, as of this moment, he lived in a world where the Emperor of Harmony lived.

A world where the Emperor of Harmony had finally been healed of an illness that once meant certain death.

A world where Rui would not need to ascend the throne.

"Thank you, Your Highness."

Sage Sayfeel's voice broke him out of his reverie.

His voice was saturated with gratitude and joy.

He bowed deeply. "Thank you. I, Sage Sayfeel, will never forget this for as long as I live. Never before have I been this grateful to have been proven wrong. I thank the universe for being aligned in a way that caused me to accept the hope that you had delivered to me."

Rui closed his eyes, shaking his head. "Raise your head, Your Sagehood; it is unbecoming of someone of your stature and being to bow before a Martial Master."

"I beg to differ, Your Highness," Sage Sayfeel denied Rui's words with a smile on his face. "I'm sure the emperor will agree with me when he wakes up in a few days, according to the Divine Doctor. While getting rid of the physical symptoms after the surgery was a trivial accomplishment, the mental symptoms could not be hastened. This is good, after all…"

His tone grew more serious.

The air grew tense.

It tingled under the severity of the Martial Sage.

"…We have many, many things to talk about."

-



Chapter 2026  Muck



The sense of urgency had diminished once the Divine Doctor had healed the Emperor of Harmony. No longer was there an extraordinarily pressing event that took precedence over all others.

Of course, just because the Divine Doctor made it look easy didn't mean that it wasn't an extraordinarily significant event.

It undoubtedly was.

After all, healing the Eternal Dream Disease was why his father sought out the Divine Doctor in the first place. Finding the Divine Doctor was why his father had ever, in turn, sought the Silas Clan, which in turn had led to Rui's birth.

Then Rui had gone full circle by succeeding where his father had failed by not only finding the Divine Doctor to heal him but also tying him to the Kandrian Empire. A feat that no nation-state of any caliber had ever succeeded in completing.

The problem of the Eternal Dream Disease was one that had stretched for decades, and Rui himself had dealt with its consequences pretty much ever since he returned to Kandrian after killing Chairman Deacon.

A whopping eight years later, the problem had finally been solved.

Yet, before Rui could even relax—

"…We have many, many things to talk about."

Rui narrowed his eyes. "…Earlier, you said that I would have to face the consequences of my deception. I didn't inquire into it at the time since healing my father took precedence, but the only reason I would have to face the consequences of it is if…"

The Martial Sage nodded with severity. "I won't beat around the bush. Your deception has come to light."

His words were heavy.

Rui's expression crumpled with graveness as he felt chills crawling across his skin.

This was one of the worst-case scenarios.

Had he still been a Martial Senior, he would have been terrified for his life.

One did not make an enemy of countless powerful national and international entities and make it away unscathed.

The only reason he wasn't horrified by the possibility of the Quarrier Orphanage being harmed was because his grandmother had sworn no harm would befall them. She was more than powerful enough to protect his family from across the nation, especially with her mighty prophetic prowess.

He couldn't imagine someone dispatching a Martial Sage to harm his family in vengeance, so not even his paranoia was extended to his family.

Nonetheless, this was far from ideal.

"…How bad?"

Rui's voice was reduced to a whisper.

"The Martial Union," Sage Sayfeel calmly informed him. "The Martial Masters and Sages. When confronted with the decision to reveal your deceit to the world in what would be one of the largest political scandals in all of East Panama, they decided to keep it a secret."

Rui's dark eyes widened with faint surprise. "…Just the Martial Union? Nobody else?"

"That is correct, as far as I am aware," Sage Sayfeel remarked. "Surprisingly, the information hasn't leaked further. I suspect the Martial Sages of the union have exerted the sum totality of their collective power, authority, and influence in keeping the scandal under wraps. Surprisingly, they have done a good job of keeping it hidden. As far as I can tell, not even the Beggar's Sect or the Shadow Guild has learned of it."

Rui sharpened his eyes. "The Beggar's Sect knows. Or rather, the Beggar Sage knows, but we agreed that all information exchanged in that meeting was strictly confidential. The man may be an utter madman like the Divine Doctor, but the Beggar's Sect has cultivated absolute credibility and trustworthiness over many centuries; he will not destroy all of that just to sell the information regarding this scandal."

It was one of the reasons that Rui didn't panic, even though the man instantly saw through him during their brief conversation. "How did it happen?" Rui asked, narrowing his eyes. "Did Reina make a mistake? That's hard to imagine. She's a world-class assassin. Even amongst high-grade Martial Masters, there probably is almost no one who is as good at covert operations as she is."

Sage Sayfeel shook his head. "As far as I can tell, she played her role perfectly. Frankly, if not for the fact that I knew beforehand, I do not think I would have noticed. Your agreements with the Sloth Sage were perfect, and she continued engaging with the Sloth Sage and your grandmother as liaisons for the Sage Council so that she never had to come face-to-face with any of them who weren't in on it. Unfortunately…"

He closed his eyes. "…It's often the most unexpected things that can throw even the most meticulous plans off the tracks. She played her role perfectly, but not even she could have expected to be ambushed out of the blue one day by Sage Arrancar demanding to know where his son was."

Rui stared at the Martial Sage, thoroughly speechless.

"Sage Arrancar may be the most powerful Martial Artist of the Kandrian Empire, but he isn't the most refined man. He almost killed her when he discovered an imposter Martial Master in the place of his son's best friend. If it wasn't for the Sloth Sage and Matriarch Nephi intervening at the right moment, she almost certainly would have died."

"…Seriously?" Rui felt an enormous migraine coming up as he put his head in his hands. "…You're telling me the Sage Arrancar, a father who never gave Kane the attention, love, and familial bond for thirty-three years. You're telling me that man manually searched for Kane himself?" n/ô/vel/b//in dot c//om

"I'm afraid so," Sage Sayfeel calmly informed him. "It is indeed remarkably atypical of the Martial Sage to pay much attention to his blood, but the Martial Sage has always been volatile and quite whimsical, making him difficult to predict."

"…Damn." Rui cursed lightly despite his impassive temperament.

It was frustrating that a nutjob like the Devil could throw all his meticulous plans for a toss. "…More importantly, the Martial Union knows." His dark eyes narrowed as he furiously considered his current circumstances. He needed to figure out the best way to handle the political muck he had been thrown in.

-



Chapter 2027  Union Considerations



"…What are their internal considerations like?" Rui's tone, albeit impassive, grew more intense. The Martial Sage shook his head. "I'm afraid that I'm not privy to such knowledge. The Martial Union's information security is extremely high. This is especially true for matters that only the Master and Sage councils are privy to. Their security is no less than that of the Royal Palace in that regard."

Rui had expected about as much. Cracking these extremely high authorities within the Martial Union was patently impossible.

His dark eyes narrowed as he considered the ramifications of the Martial Union, having learned of his deceit.

"Considering they have not ousted you, Your Highness, perhaps you have nothing to worry about," Sage Sayfeel remarked.

Rui shook his head. "They have powerful incentives to not oust me. The association between myself and the Martial Union is extremely high. If the world learns of my deceit, then they will catch heat even if they were truly uncomplicit. There are many other reasons as to why they would rather not divulge my deceit. They gain nothing from it from divulging it."

Rui swiftly refuted the Martial Sage's refutation, leaving him silent. It had been a gesture more than an actual possibility, but Rui's political acumen and his personal, intimate understanding of the Martial Union allowed him to calmly judge the merit of Martial Sage's words.

It was not enough to make him feel particularly optimistic.

No one liked to be deceived.

The Martial Union had just realized that Rui had deceived them for five years since the revelations of his princehood. They would not look too kindly on Rui for doing that. Especially when the deception was not light, and they had invested a lot into him into the belief that he was genuinely striving for the throne.

To find that it had all been for naught was not a pleasant realization. Anybody would be quite angry if they realized they had been the victim of deceit that negated the fruits of their labor.

In this case, the Martial Union would not obtain a Martial Artist Emperor.

While Rui had made clear that he would not unfairly favor the Martial Union as Emperor, there were implicit expectations.

They would definitely be deeply displeased to know that Rui never acted in good faith.

However, Rui did not forget that he had built a lot of goodwill with the Martial Union over the years. So much so that he could be considered the platinum boy of the Martial Union in many ways. Although he decided not to become an internal member of the Martial Union, they truly did consider him to be among their highly important members. He had made vital contributions to the betterment of the Martial Artists of the Kandrian Empire, such as the Hungry Pain contribution and the voidlet techniques that would eventually increase the breakthrough rate of the Master Realm. n/ô/vel/b//in dot c//om

That gave him leeway.

At the very least, he could be certain that they weren't hostile to him. As in, they wouldn't act to harm his interests.

That didn't mean he was in the clear.

"Hmmm…" Rui narrowed his eyes. "I'll need to handle this delicately."

"…What do you intend to do, Your Highness?"

"That's quite simple, really." Rui closed his eyes. "Apologize and give them a make-up present."

Sage Sayfeel stared at him. "…Well, I suppose there's more to that than meets the eye."

"Besides…" Rui remarked stoically. "…I'm the youngest Martial Master in history. That alone is partially making for my deceit in a sense. Ultimately, the Martial Union is an organization of, by, and for Martial Artists. I cannot imagine how their valuation of me will skyrocket when they realize that I have broken through to the Master Realm before exiting my physical prime."

He glanced at his arms, feeling the youthful vigor within his body.

Because he broke through to the Senior Realm at the age of twenty-three, he managed to slow down his aging greatly, even well before entering his prime. He may have been thirty-seven in the present moment, but his body biologically was barely twenty-six years old. The fact that he was already a Martial Master this young meant that he wouldn't stagnate due to a lowered growth rate and lack of vitality.

It meant that his potential had only risen rather than declined.

It was extremely counter-intuitive, but his value to the Martial Union had risen exponentially above what it had ever been in the past.

That alone was a sort of reparation for his deceit, in a way.

It was no different from telling them, 'I was right in my decision, for it has increased my value to you.'

However, that wasn't the only plan that Rui's powerful mind had conjured up in the span of a few seconds. He had other trump cards that he had never divulged to the Martial Union or to anybody because of the sheer severity of their implications. Still, now he had finally obtained the power needed to protect himself from the consequences of revealing them.

"…Alright, I think I have it under control." Rui nodded impassively as he gathered his thoughts. "…What else? What else have I missed?"

"The number of Martial Artists adopting your voidlet techniques has risen exponentially over the span of five years since you created them," Sage Sayfeel calmly informed him. "In the successive years since your departure, the Master-level council has voted to give your voidlet techniques more funding."

Rui's dark eyes lit up with faint surprise. "…That's a lot sooner than I had ever expected to happen. How did it happen that quickly?"

"It is because thought techniques in the lower Realms are extremely scarce," Sage Sayfeel stated. "Systems of thought are only developed by mature Martial Seniors who are ready to begin seriously working towards the Master Realm. Thus, they are usually hyper-individualized to suit their Martial Art. You are perhaps the first Martial Artist in history who has gained such extraordinary power and mastery of thought so as to specifically hyper-generalize small systems of thoughts for the three primary fields of combat."

-



Chapter 2028 Adaptive Evolution

This had been one of the reasons that Headmaster Aronian had paid a lot of attention to Rui at a young age. While the Squire teachers were unaware of Rui's capacity and application of thought or its significance in the grand scheme of Martial Art, Headmaster Aronian had understood how incredible it was.

"With a thought technique that is of affordable difficulty with enough of a value proposition to be worth it, available for all Realms, your voidlet techniques have become the sole gateway to gaining some proficiency with thoughtful decision-making," Sage Sayfeel informed Rui appreciatively. "Martial Artists across the Lower Realms have begun mastering it. Ironically enough, the ones to master it the most are Apprentices and Seniors, with Squires being the least to master it."

"Seniors, too…?" Rui grew immersed in thought. "And the rate of progress to the Master Realm?"

"It is difficult to gauge general broad progress," Sage Sayfeel noted. "However, the Martial Union has gained an additional Martial Master after a grade-fourteen Martial Senior broke through a few years after mastering your offensive voidlet technique and then customizing it and individualizing it to her needs with the progress that she had already made prior. She, too, credits you as a reason for her breakthrough to the Master Realm."

Sage Sayfeel didn't miss Rui's demeanor thawing and lighting up whenever the topics came to Martial Art and his Martial Art. While his nominal demeanor had grown impassive and frosty, it appeared that Martial Art returned him to who he once was.

He had no idea what had happened to the Void Prince for such a drastic change in his temperament and demeanor to occur, but nonetheless, there was hope that things would return to normal.

"So it does indeed appear to increase the probability of breakthrough to the Master Realm, then," Rui remarked, engrossed in the matter. "That's good to know; perhaps I ought to expand the number for voidlet techniques wider. My only issue is that a lot of my systems of thought come to the service of Adaptive Evolution. That could potentially disrupt the Martial Paths of other Martial Artists."

Sage Sayfeel stirred at Rui's words. "Your Highness, you mean to say that they haven't told you?"

Rui frowned. "Told me what…?"

"…I suppose it makes sense," Sage Sayfeel remarked out loud. "You were only a Martial Senior back then. But now that you have broken through to the Master Realm at an absurdly young age, I suppose I can take the liberty to inform you."

"Inform me about…?" Rui furrowed his eyebrows.

"About the fact that Martial Minds embody the principle Adaptive Evolution." Sage Sayfeel's tone was certain. "Including my own."

Rui's widened with surprise. "What?!"

"I can understand why it comes as a shock, but think about it, Your Highness," Sage Sayfeel calmly stated. "The Martial Mind is about optimizing decisioning. However, is it possible to optimize decisioning without taking into account one's opponent and circumstances?"

Rui had never given deep consideration as to what other Martial Masters' Martial Minds looked like. He had assumed that they had come up with their own ways to empower thought without considering opponents or circumstances as relevant parameters.

"The only way for conscious, systematic thought to empower a strike via decision is to ensure that the decision for the timing and placement of the strike yields optimal energy. This simply cannot be done without adapting your decisioning from opponent to opponent to yield the maximal output for each opponent. In other words, adaptive evolution is the normative progression for Martial Minds," Sage Sayfeel said knowingly. "While you might have thought that your mysterious Squire evolution breakthrough method was more valuable than the voidlet techniques, that is because you were unaware of the contextual importance of adaptive evolution for the Master Realm. In other words, you are more valuable than you think you are."

At that moment, Rui couldn't help but recall Master Zentra's words to him a long time ago.

We need you. More than you realize.

At the time, Rui had waved it off as simply an expression of their regard for him. But now he wondered if this was what Master Zentra was referring to.

A Martial Artist whose Martial Path was the very essence of what Martial Minds were. That same Martial Artist also happened to possess an unfathomable affinity. Assuming Rui lived up to his potential, the Martial union must have assumed that Rui's Martial Mind and progress in the domain of thought could potentially revolutionize systems of thought.

"And as I stand before you, I can see that we were right to believe that." Sage Sayfeel's voice grew more intense. "In all my time, I have never ever seen a Martial Mind as absurdly powerful as yours. If other Martial Minds were dim stars in the night sky, then yours may as well be the very Sun itself. As far as thought goes, I can say with extraordinary confidence that you are the very pinnacle of what Martial Art has to offer. No Master and no Sage can compare to the sheer depth and power of thought that you possess. If you are able to impart even a minute fraction of your thought to others, you will change the Martial landscape forever."

The weight of his words hung in the air.

It pressed down on the atmosphere, making it heavy.

Rui stared at the Martial Sage, stunned, speechless. "…I didn't know that my Martial Path had such significance in the Master Realm. I feel rather silly not coming to this conclusion prior."

"Don't be, Your Highness." Sage Sayfeel shook his head lightly. "This is a conclusion that the Martial Union and other organizations in the world have come to after studying and researching Martial Minds for centuries now. It is not something that can be derived in the mind a priori, even for you."

Still, Rui was stunned to know that his Martial Path had secretly been of such interest to the Martial Union this entire time.

-



Chapter 2029  Bigger Than Him



Although it was true that he had absolutely no exposure to other Martial Minds to possibly arrive at the conclusion himself, it made sense when he thought about it. Still, he had qualms about the grandeur that Sage Sayfeel subscribed to him.

Although it was flattering, it also vaguely felt like Sage Sayfeel was giving him a bit too much credit.

"…Your statement regarding Martial Minds embodying Adaptive Evolution is only true if we define Adaptive Evolution extremely broadly." Rui realized. "It works only if you broadly define Adaptive Evolution, in the context of Martial Minds, as any thought processes that change one's decision-making based on information about one's opponent to maximize the probability of victory against said opponent."

"That is indeed true." Sage Sayfeel confirmed.

"…If that's the case, then such a broad conceptualization of 'Adaptive Evolution' applies to many, many things far beyond me," Rui insisted. "It encompasses all Martial Minds and perhaps even all Martial Art to a minor degree by such a broad definition. My Martial Mind and Martial Art are just a minute iota of everything that would fall under such a broad definition."

"That is also true." Sage Sayfeel calmly concurred.

"…Then it means that Martial Minds do not embody my Martial Path, specifically. My Martial Mind is merely one of many that also embody Adaptive Evolution."

It was a bit of a humbling realization.

Approval flashed in Sage Sayfeel's eyes. "You possess wisdom beyond your years. I had expected my revelation to inflate your ego and sense of self-importance, but you correctly understood that your Martial Art does not encompass Adaptive Evolution, but Adaptive Evolution encompasses your Martial Art. It encompasses your Martial Mind among all others. It is bigger than you."

Rui nodded. "…I don't come across Adaptive Evolution all that much on a day-to-day basis. Though there have been instances where I have been truly blown out of the water by entities that embodied elements of it far better than I could ever hope to."

Rui recalled the incredible abyssfeeder that had once nearly broken him through to the Senior Realm. As far as physical adaptive evolution went, there was most likely nothing that could ever even hold a candle to it.

Another reason he didn't let it get to his head was learning the truth about his 'past life.' The fact that he had inherited rather than been made him feel more grateful for what he had.

Sage Sayfeel gazed at him knowingly. "However, do not sell yourself short. While it is true that Adaptive Evolution is far larger than you, that can be said for all Martial Paths. Physicality Evolution as a concept is also similarly far larger than the Gatekeeper, but that doesn't change the fact that he is far and away the single greatest embodiment of that concept in his Martial Path."

Rui could not deny that. Countless Martial Artists elevated their physicality, but that didn't take away the fact that nobody could hold even a candle to the shocking physical prowess of the Gatekeeper.

"Sir Armstrong has, over his long life, made countless contributions to the evolution of the Martial Body," Sage Sayfeel informed Rui with a composed tone. "Without him, Martial Bodies would be noticeably weaker. There is great reason to believe that you can be an even greater force for the evolution of the Martial Mind. That is the reason that your affinity for thought and your Martial Path being Adaptive Evolution has made the Martial Union and, frankly, all Martial Artists of the Upper Realms of the Empire enthusiastic for your breakthrough to the Master Realm even more."

Rui huffed indignantly. "That's flattering but also pressuring. High expectations are annoying to deal with, so I pursue my Martial path for myself."

"I, too, was concerned about the excessive expectations of the Martial Union for your breakthrough to the Master Realm, however…" Sage Sayfeel's eyes twinkled. "…After witnessing the sheer weight of your Martial Mind, I suspect that their expectations weren't high enough."

Rui shrugged. "That works in my favor for the appeasement, I suppose."

He didn't mind using their expectations against them to cancel out any disapproval or resentment they had.

"…Anyways, I have gotten a grasp of the intel leak crisis. It won't be easy, but I can handle it," Rui remarked. "Once my father wakes up, there won't be any conversation to be had about me ascending the throne. Speaking of that, where is the man responsible for this?"

Rui had certainly not failed to notice that the Divine Doctor was not in the room.

"He said he had fulfilled his part of the agreement in healing His Majesty and would return after dealing with matters of vital importance to fulfill the agreements that the two of you had forged," Sage Sayfeel calmly remarked, not betraying any curiosity in his voice. "He also said, 'Don't open it till I return.'"

The latter meant nothing to Sage Sayfeel, but Rui was hardly surprised.

"…About as much as I'd expect." Rui's eyes turned to the small little containment that contained the alien lifeform specimen.

Over their travels, the Divine Doctor had very meticulously periodically kept the thing alive in the contracted space. Because it was outside of the Gaian Tree of Life, Rui was unable to treat it accordingly.

The Divine Doctor most certainly knew this.

The fact that he had left meant that it was in no danger of dying, for whatever reasons, so long as Rui did not do something stupid with it.

CLICK

Rui handed over the marble-sized container to Sage Sayfeel.

"…Your Highness?"

"It's compensation for consuming the Topaz of Time," Rui calmly informed him. "It's an even more valuable treasure if I had to hazard a guess."

Sage Sayfeel's eyebrow rose. "That is…hard to conceive."

"As the doctor said," Rui turned, walking away from the medical room. "Don't open it till he returns. Kandria has gained a new super treasure that may very well change its fate."

Sage Sayfeel found it difficult to believe that Rui had somehow stumbled upon a Transcendent treasure in the Beast Domain, yet, as a Martial Master and an extraordinarily intelligent person, his word held deep credibility.

The Martial Sage's gaze returned to Rui's retreating figure.

He made a decision. Nôv(el)B\\jnn

"Your Highness."

STEP

Rui paused at the door, turning around to face the Martial Sage impassively. -



