Chapter 1801 Time

﻿﻿This demand was actually the greatest reason that Rui was eager to speak to Guildmaster Bradt. Rui knew that the man's powerful distribution network undoubtedly exposed him to information and intelligence that perhaps no organization other than the greatest of intelligence organizations, such as the Beggar's Sect and the Shadow Guild, possessed.

However, Rui also knew that he couldn't simply come forth and ask about the Divine Doctor the moment they met.

Guildmaster Bradt was very intelligent.

The man would instantly realize what Rui's intentions were and would immediately question whether Rui was even sincere about ascending the throne. That was why Rui decided to generalize his request to the human sages of humanity in general.

This way, he would get what he wanted without giving himself away. It was very understand able that a candidate for Emperor would be interested in getting his hands on the human sages of humanity.

Each of them had reached a supernatural mastery and expertise in their field. The Scrier was the world's greatest archaeologist, historian, and anthropologist who dedicated herself to uncovering the truth of mysteries of ancient history and the truth of the Empty Ages. Her understanding of history and insights into the world were extremely important for the ramifications it had on the future.

The Marine was a marine biologist and an oceanologist with an extraordinary understanding of the Great Nam Ocean, far surpassing the rest of human civilization. Just having an extremely accurate, precise, and clear understanding of what lurked in the Great Nam Ocean could be revolutionary for maritime and seafaring, eliminating losses and making enormous gains.

The Divine Doctor's knowledge could revolutionize medicine, elevating the Kandrian Empire's medical sector and industry to the pinnacle of human civilization, something that would not only support all of its citizens immensely but become a huge economic sector of the nation.

The Psycher was a world-renowned psychologist who had become one of the most wanted criminals in human civilization for being responsible for the deaths of one hundred million human beings in his quest to understand the human brain and the human mind with endless experimentation.

His macabre endeavors allowed him to gain extraordinary understanding in those fields, allowing him to gain the power to manipulate the human mind and brain however he wanted, like it was a simple machine.

Although he was a criminal, his knowledge and power were something any ruler would want.

The Astromind was a genius who successfully left Gaia, reaching the moon and returning back unharmed through his deep understanding of gravity. He claimed that the universe had infinite resources, dwarfing anything Gaia had to offer and that space was the future.

Each of them had extremely precious knowledge and capabilities that, should any nation harness, would be revolutionary if fully exploited.

Thus, Rui was able to evade any suspicions in this manner, while still getting what he wanted.

"The locations of these extraordinary individuals are either unknown or are in places protected by powers that are greater than what you can hope to bypass," Guildmaster Bradt narrowed his eyes. "I'll do my best to procure what you have requested, but do not expect me to give you the exact coordinates. Gaia is an extremely large world, and it is all too easy for these extraordinary individuals to hide in the cracks of human civilization and beyond."

"What measure, specifically, will you be taking?"

"I can begin by implementing a division that will sift through all influx of intelligence in my operations and flag any potential reports that may have something to do with the individuals you mentioned before deploying agents to verify said reports, in the order of credibility, for starters," The man explained calmly. "I can slowly increase the rigor depending on your needs."

Rui smiled. "I appreciate that. Looking forward to the results of your efforts."

This was one of the measures that Rui was going to take to gather as much information on the Divine Doctor as he could before he set out.

The three went on to discuss many more pertinent matters. Including potential partnerships between the Kandrian Empire and the Shionel Confederation in the event that Rui became Emperor.

Guildmaster Bradt boldly performed several treaties and pacts for political and militaristic protection for annual tributes, as well as several business privileges for the Kandrian Empire, giving it an enormous advantage in the Shionel Confederation over the others.

"Huff…" Rui heaved a tired sigh as he sank into his chair after the two departed. "This is more tiring than training ever was."N/nêw n0vel chap/ers are published o/n n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

"Mostly because you don't want to do it," Master Ceeran smirked. "You love training, instead."

"True," Rui admitted. "What's next on my itinerary?"

"An appointment with Chairwoman Cathy Maveil," His secretary remarked.

"…Right," Rui groaned, heaving a tired sigh.

This was going to be his daily routine until he achieved a seventy-five percent support rate among high-ranking government officials.

It was extraordinarily painful, considering that he only had two high-ranking government officials bagged at the moment. There was still another seventy-four to go. Given that he dedicated only half his day to politics, spending the first half on training the Angel of Laplace, it meant that he needed to work quickly.

Thankfully, once his new routine settled in, he began working faster, smoother, and more efficiently over the coming days, weeks, and even months.

His impatience caused him to get work done as quickly as possible so that he could go to bed and wake up the next morning refreshed for a long session of Martial Art training. And even then, he abused potions to their absolute limit to make as much time as possible.

Despite delegating as much as he could, he still needed to spend at least half the day talking to important individuals and reeling them over to his side. He also needed to butter up high-ranking government officials and make truly extraordinary offers to get them to take him seriously under consideration.

All of this took time, so much so that nine months passed in the blink of an eye.



Chapter 1802  Imperfect



In a meditation chamber sat a man surrounded by candles.

His eyes were closed.

A sense of serenity and calm echoed in the air.

Yet, the same could not be said for his mind.

Within his mind, in the giant mind palace that lay within, Rui Quarrier struggled.

He struggled against an ocean information, gritting his teeth as he furiously processed a tsunami of ocean. The ocean was a lot smaller than the original ocean that the Angel of Laplace method produced, but an ocean was an ocean.

"Rgh!" His eyes flashed with determination.

His vision of the real world around his body shifted.

Time rewinded.

Yet, not for everything.

It reverted for a batch of candles before him, causing them to reverse their flickering while the other candles were untouched.

It was the past.

He heaved a deep breath as he opened his eyes, covered with sweat.

"Tsk, not perfect yet," He narrowed his eyes.

He had worked hard on the Angel of Laplace for about half a day continuously for the past nine months. During this time, short of absolute emergencies, nobody was allowed to disturb him.

Thankfully, the staff and administration that he had established nine months ago were extremely competent and could handle an overwhelming majority of the things that were needed to maintain a faction.

He was rarely disturbed.

Half a day was short by his standards, but it was still good enough to immerse himself in a good, long training session. Thankfully, it was good enough to make decent progress, considering that he only had half a day per day.

"Ideally, if I had the whole day, I might have succeeded with the Angel of Laplace by this point," Rui snorted, shaking his head. This was enough time to finish this upgrade to the Void Algorithm if he didn't need to divert time and energy. But alas, he had other obligations and commitments.

Sometimes, he wondered why he bothered. Perhaps he should have just ignored the Kandrian Throne War and forsaken his family's peace and harmony. Perhaps just protecting them physically and ensuring that none of them died in the civil war was enough. Why did he set such high standards to ensure that they never suffered any anguish or misery from the civil war burning around them?

The moment that thought flashed in his head, however, he felt guilty.

"I'm an asshole," He shook his head, getting up.

His desire to protect not just their physical lives but also the lives that they had cultivated in the Kandrian Empire stemmed from the guilt of having gravely disrupted it when he exiled himself from the Shionel Confederation.

That was why he had resolved himself never to let it get disrupted again if he had the power.

Unfortunately, he did.

He heaved a sigh, quickly donning his custom-tailored Martial Art attire featuring the symbol of the Royal Family. His secretary and bodyguards were patiently waiting for him outside the meditation chamber.

"Apologies for the wait," Rui greeted them. "What do we have first on the itinerary?"

"A meeting with the Minister of Domestic Affairs," His secretary remarked. "Should you succeed in winning him over, you will have secured the support of the seventy-eighth high-ranking government official out of a hundred and four, a perfect seventy-five percent."

"Finally," Rui heaved a tired sigh.

In the past nine months, his faction worked aggressively to leverage the economic, martial, and political capital that they had gained from their patrons, benefactors, and allies to win over as many high-ranking government officials as possible.

The effort had been extremely successful.

He managed to secure the contracted support of seventy-seven high-ranking government officials.

It hadn't been easy.

He needed to entertain the whims and fancies of intelligent officials who knew exactly how important they were and made very tall demands of him for their support.

One wanted two life-prolonging potions to guarantee an additional two human lifetimes.

Another wanted enormous real estate on the coast of the Kandrian Empire.

Most of them demanded wealth, among other things.

The more Rui worked with this system, the more he realized just how immensely corrupt it was. His father was right; his grandfather was indeed a power-hungry bastard who gave too much power to the Kandrian government during times of succession when founding the Kandrian Empire.

Alas, it was extremely difficult to change what had been established in stone. He was sure that his father had tried to change the foundations of the system, but the first Emperor Ra had taken away the power of the Emperor to change some things.

Regardless, with the wealth he got from his allies and patron, the Martial power of the Martial Union, he was able to fulfill their demands and secure their cooperation in unbreakable contracts.

The allied princes worked hard to stop him, of course, but he had too much support and power. And as everybody had come to predict he managed to overwhelm the support of the princes in his campaign for the throne.

And now, it was finally time for the final hurdle before he could secure an absolute claim to the throne.

"Let's end this once and for all," Rui heaved a sigh as he headed back to his campaign headquarters.

It wasn't long before he entered his large, extravagant office with a suited man sitting opposite him.

"Minister Kramen," Rui smiled. "I apologize for the brief delay. Did you wait long?" Thê sourc𝗲 of this conte/nt n/o/v/(𝒆l)bi((n))

"Not at all, Your Highness," The man stood up, shaking Rui's hand. "I'm grateful you took the time to meet me."

They took their seats as Rui leaned forward, steepling his fingers.

"The fact that you took the time to meet me despite knowing exactly what I want from you means that you are not averse to it," Rui replied calmly, analyzing the man. "Let us cut to the chase, Minister Kramen. What is your price?"

The man stared at Rui with a bitter smile. "…You remind me of your father."



Chapter 1803  Exclusive and Permanent



Rui raised an eyebrow at his words.

"He was sharp, just like you," the man shook his head. "His ailment is Kandria's greatest curse." VịSit no(v)3lb/!n(.)c𝒐m for new 𝒏ov𝒆l𝒔

"I understand you feel strongly about it," Rui replied. "I do, too. It is because I feel strongly about it that I require your support to ascend the throne and maintain the harmony that my father created, the harmony that elevated the Kandrian Empire to a powerhouse."

The man heaved a sigh. "I'm afraid I cannot help you."

Rui narrowed his eyes. "…And why is that?"

"…Had I known that you were a son of the Emperor, I would have made different choices, but…" The man shook his head.

"Get to the point, Minister," Rui stared at him intently.

"I have signed a permanent exclusive contract with Prince Raijun where I forfeit the right to officiate the coronation ceremony of any royal other than him," The man lowered his head.

Rui's eyes sharpened.

He clenched his fist.

In other words, the minister could not attend Rui's coronation ceremony without violating his agreement, allowing Prince Raijun to summon him to a court and negate his officiation of Rui's coronation ceremony, voiding Rui's claim as Emperor.

Prince Raijun had complete control over the minister's officiation power, in other words.

"…How could you?" Rui growled. "That's the highest agreement that a royal can secure from a high-ranking government official. Very few of the high-ranking government officials of even my faction have signed that."

Minister Kramen sighed. "…I had no choice. Only the Martial Union had the power to fetch me the Heavenly Makara Flower needed for the esoteric disease that I had contracted. Prince Raijun demanded permanent exclusive support of him in writing."

A contract specifying permanent exclusive support was extremely valuable to royals because it meant that they didn't need to worry about those high-ranking government officials defecting. That contract would effectively prohibit them from doing so.

"…I am sorry, I do wish to support you. I do believe that you are far and away the best candidate for the throne," The man heaved a regretful sigh. "But only Prince Raijun reserves the right to terminate our agreement and he would never do that."

"Perhaps my legal team can find a loophole," Rui suggested in vain.

The man laughed mirthlessly. "Surely you are aware that there is no such loophole, Your Highness. The legal division of Prince Raijun's administration is not that incompetent."

Rui heaved a sigh.

The man got up. "…I am truly regretful and bitter about this turn of events, but I am unable to help you. I shall not waste your precious time anymore. I hope you find someone else and ascend the throne as your father intended you to."

Rui watched the man leave his office with a soft gait. "Mila."

"Yes, Your Highness?" His staff immediately responded. "Have the intelligence division send me a report on all of the other twenty remaining high-ranking government officials," Rui narrowed his eyes.

"…Yes, Your Highness."

It wasn't long before he got the report in his hands.

"Nine of them are in Raul's faction, eight in Rajak's, and eight in Raijun's," Rui narrowed his eyes. In the past nine months, he had slowly chipped away at each of the remaining three prince's factions with his overwhelming factional power. There was almost nothing they wanted that he could give their high-ranking government officials, winning them over remarkably swiftly.

The progress that they had taken many years to make was unraveled by Rui very quickly. Yet, unfortunately, not all high-ranking government officials can be bought with Martial and economic capital and powerful favors.

"All of the remaining twenty-five support my three half-brothers for ideological reasons?" Rui tutted.

"Yes, Your Highness," The director of his analyst division told him when he met up with her. "Over the past nine months. Those that can be moved by powerful incentives and benefits have already been wrung over to our faction; these remaining government officials are… hardcores that support the ideologies and policies that the three princes espouse."

"Tsk," Rui tutted. "So they cannot be moved by powerful favors from the Martial Union or large sums of money."

"Unfortunately so, Your Highness."

Rui narrowed his eyes as he considered the dilemma. Martial Supremacy, the abolition of all restrictions and regulations, and the pedestalizing of the people's interests were doctrines that many found attractive. Thus, Rui was not surprised that a minority of high-ranking government officials were deeply supportive of one of the three.

Unfortunately, that also meant that he could not bring them over to his faction the easy way.

"Have Mikhaila set up an appointment with one of each of the most amenable supporters of each faction," Rui replied. "I will test how ideologically fixated they are and evaluate the prospects of bringing them over to my side."

If there was any hope in pulling them over to his faction, then it was best to work with the people who were most open-minded.

"I will be sure to do that, Your Highness," she bowed to him.

Rui nodded, taking his leave.

It was annoying that he had stumbled into a roadblock at the final step of the journey to reach seventy-five percent. But alas, things couldn't go smoothly forever.

Unfortunately, he needed seventy-five percent even if he didn't intend to ascend the throne. In case he failed and the Emperor died, it would light ablaze the cold war and turn it into an active war.

While he didn't think Prince Raul would trigger a civil war in an attempt to use force to make high-ranking officials forcefully officiate his coronation ceremony, the same could not be said for Prince Raijun and Rajak.

He knew that these two were capable of falling to any depths to reach the throne.

If he failed in healing the Emperor and also didn't have seventy-five percent of the support needed to immediately crown himself Emperor, then the longer that went on, the greater the probability that Prince Raijun and especially Prince Rajak would rely on desperate measures of force, inevitably triggering a civil war even if their chances of reaching the crown was slim.

He also knew that Rajak would love nothing more than to kill as many members of the royal family as possible.

'I need to get seventy-five percent as soon as possible,' he narrowed his eyes. 'Only then can I leave the Empire without concern.'



Chapter 1804 A Martial Gamble

"It is disgraceful that a superior Martial Senior like yourself is so unwilling to take your rightful place as leaders of human civilization."

A man sitting opposite Rui in his office remarked with an ugly expression.

"I am willing to ascend leader of the Kandrian Empire," Rui lied. "Why else would I bid for the throne?"

"You're doing it as a member of the royal family! Not as a Martial Artist!" The man barked. "In all of human history, nay, in all species in the world. The strongest rule. It is the natural order. Anything else strains human civilization as we move away from a natural power hierarchy!"

He glared at Rui, uncaring for his royal status. "You care about harmony? The best way to reach harmony is to put people where they naturally belong. The strong at the top and the weak at the bottom. Because human civilization naturally tends to a natural hierarchy of power, this is the most stable and harmonious form of civilization!"

Rui heaved a sigh as the Martial Supremacist lectured him about his ideological doctrine. "Yes, because the civil war that would be triggered the second someone tried to make Kandria a Martial Supremacist nation sounds very harmonious indeed."

His sarcasm was palpable.

"Some amount of chaos and heat is inevitable as society returns from this perverted hierarchy to its natural state!" The man barked. "But once it does, it will be extremely stable and harmonious."

"If by extremely stable, you mean reduced to ruins, then yes, I might actually agree with you," Rui narrowed his eyes. "I don't think you understand how destructive even a single Martial Senior is. The Kandrian Empire has one thousand five hundred such Martial Seniors. A Kandrian civil war will not be a war; it will be an apocalypse." VịSit no(v)3lb/!n(.)c𝒐m for new 𝒏ov𝒆l𝒔

This was the impact that Martial Art had on human civilizations.

Back on Earth, even in the modern era that Rui had died in, revolts, revolutions, and coup d'etat could and did occur without reducing a nation to rubble. It could and did occur without causing enormous destruction. Oftentimes, they occurred without a single person dying because the overwhelming power of the insurrections quickly seized control, and nothing changed.

This was not the case in the Panama Continent.

Any civil conflict that occurred between powers within a nation almost always involved Martial Artists, who were essentially walking tanks, sentient fighter jets, and living weapons of mass destruction.

Thus, civil conflict in the Panama Continent was exponentially more destructive than on Earth. It would be analogous to governments on Earth deploying nuclear weapons inside their own territory.

"It cannot be allowed," Rui narrowed his eyes.

"Hmph!" The man snorted. "Destruction precedes creation. The destruction of this flawed system of power is necessary for us to return to the natural order."

Rui grew disgusted by what he heard. "Get out."

"You will never ascend the throne, Final Prince!" The minister declared, leaving his office. "I will do everything in my power to ensure that."

For a moment, Rui felt the urge to kill him then and there, barely restraining his impulsive thoughts.

Rui heaved a sigh, pressing a button on the communication artifact on his table. "You're telling me that man was the most open-minded high-ranking government official of the Raijun Faction?!"

"…Unfortunately, yes, sir," The director of his analyst division heaved a sigh. "He was at least willing to visit our headquarters and speak with you. The others would not even bother engaging in a discussion."

"Damn!" Rui cursed.

He had just spoken with three of those who were considered to be the most open from all three rival factions, and not a single one of them was willing to abandon their ideological doctrine or join Rui's faction.

He steepled his fingers as he sunk deep into thought.

He had seventy-seven supporters.

He needed just one more.

Just one more out of the remaining twenty-six.

Unfortunately, only one of them was willing to join his faction but was bound by a restrictive, permanent exclusive contract.

The remaining twenty-five were hardcore, ideologically beholden government officials who didn't listen to reason or incentives. If the minister he spoke to was the most open- minded Martial Supremacist of Raijun's supporters, then there was absolutely no hope in trying to make any of the others defect to his faction.

He closed his mind as his mind furiously raced into thought.

A year had passed since the five-year deadline he had.

With every day that passed, the probability of him successfully healing his father was reduced.

"We could expand our legal division and work hard to find a small potential loophole that they missed," His director of finance suggested in an emergency meeting that Rui had called to deal with this dilemma.

"In the worst-case scenario. We could just wage a war against the allied princes' factions, get our hands on Prince Raijun, and force him to void the contract," another advisor remarked.

"How about compromising Prince Raijun and conceding to implement some Martial Supremacist ideals? Maybe then we'll be able to get him to void the contract."

Rui shook his head. "Those ideas either compromise too much or are too unlikely to succeed and not wroth pursuing due to the time and energy it takes."

He narrowed his eyes. "What I need…is a solution that does not lose me anything while delivering to me the final high-

ranking government official I need."

It could not require a deep compromise.

It needed to have a high enough probability of succeeding to be worth pursuing.

It could not consume a lot of time.

"…Something Raijun agrees to without demanding a definitive compromise," Rui realized. "That really is the only way to get this done quickly and have a high enough chance to succeed."

Rui's eyes lit up, swimming around as a germ of an idea formed from the many possibilities that he furiously analyzed. "What is his greatest desire?"

His advisors glanced around at each other with confused expressions. "The throne."

"Yes, but what is his greatest desire born from his desire for the throne?" Rui asked, his tone growing more jubilant.

The others stared at him, confused.

"It would be the desire that I was gone, at least, gone from the throne war," Rui continued, growing more energetic. "What if I offered that to him in return for his voiding of Minister Kramen's contract?"

The others stared at him like he had lost his mind. "Offer to forfeit your campaign for the throne in return for the final supporter you need for the throne…? That…"

That made no sense.

"Not an offer," A grin appeared on Rui's face. "A gamble. A gamble where he stands to gain my forfeit of the bid for the throne, and I stand to gain Minister Kramen. Yes, this is the only way to gain Minister Kramen's official support without wasting time or necessarily compromising anything."

His words shook the entire room.

None of them understood what he meant.

Rui was the only one who did.

His grin widened. "Not just any gamble. A Martial gamble."



Chapter 1805 Seeking Fulfillment

His advisors glanced at each other, confused. Even the four Martial Masters behind him turned towards him, intrigued.

"...'Martial gamble"?"

"Yep," Rui looked pleased with his idea. "That is the only way to coax Prince Raijun into terminating Minister Kramen's contract."

His eyes shifted across the room, meeting with those of his confused advisors.

"A Martial duel."

His eyes swam around in thought. "I will challenge him to a Martial duel. If I win, Prince Raijun will terminate the contract. If I lose, I will forfeit my bid for the throne. I'll partake myself and give Prince Raijun the right to appoint a champion to fight in his place."

The expressions of his advisors darkened.

"You're risking too much, Your Highness!"

"How can Your Highness possibly risk the bid to the throne?!"

"This is deeply risky and dangerous! You might truly never ascend the throne, Your Highness!"

Of course, Rui expected his advisors to erupt into protests at the terms that Rui had proposed. He would question their reliability if they didn't push back against such absurdly imbalanced stakes against him. Unfortunately, it was not enough to deter him.

"I don't intend to lose," He calmly replied. "Of course, if any of you think you can overcome this hurdle in a reasonably short-term frame, feel free to share your bright ideas."VịSit no(v)3lb/!n(.)c𝒐m for new 𝒏ov𝒆l𝒔

One of his advisors frowned. "Your Highness, why are you so hell-bent on getting this done in a short amount of time? The Emperor isn't dying tomorrow."

That was a very pertinent question.

Follow current nov_els on --n ovel ne xt.c 0 m--

Unfortunately, it was not one that Rui could truthfully answer. However, he had already primed himself for this question, having prepared for it.bender

"It isn't just that a matter of getting it done soon," Rui replied. "There are no other feasible solutions of any kind, including long-term ones. This one can potentially be executed very quickly. Another reason is that the sooner I establish my victory, the lower the probability of a civil war ensuing once my father dies."

These were technically true, and thus, none of his Martial Master allies, inside and outside the Martial Union, saw anything wrong with it. While Martial Masters could detect emotion, they could not detect complex nuances regarding the truth factor.

His advisors were deeply unconvinced. "Your Highness, you have an overwhelming advantage against them; your probability of victory over the span of five years and beyond is greater than ninety percent. If you challenge them with the aforementioned conditions, you're evening the odds in their favor to fifty-fifty."

That wasn't the only critique they had.

"On top of that, the stakes are also not equal. Voiding a contract is not equal to forfeiting your claim to the throne! If your intentions were to have the stakes be equal, then this would still not be nearly as disagreeable."

Rui shook his head. "Prince Raijun would never agree to the deal if it was equal on paper because the value of him voiding Minister Kramen's deal is much greater than the value of me voiding the deal with one of the high-ranking government officials that support me."

Prince Raijun was undoubtedly aware that his permanent exclusive contract with Minister Kramen was the only final defense against Rui's unstoppable campaign in the past nine months.

The allied princes had realized the sheer overwhelming campaigning power that Rui had. The way in which he swept through them when it came to buying high-ranking government officials with immense Martial, economic, and political capital quickly made them realize that they didn't have any hope when it came to beating him quickly or fairly.

Most likely, they were simply holding on to dear life, stubbornly unwilling to give up while also knowing deep down in their hearts that they had no chance of victory.

By some turn of luck, this one random permanent exclusive contract that Prince Raijun had extracted many years ago turned out to be the final line of defense, but it probably could not stop Rui forever, nor could it bring them any closer to the throne.

"That is why a Martial duel will be extremely attractive to Raijun," Rui narrowed his eyes with a soft smile. "What you need to understand about his psychology is that he went from being the most powerful contender for the throne and the one with the highest probability of victory after I turned him into a Martial Squire to being an oppressed candidate who needed to rely on alliances to barely handle my campaign."

He turned to each of his advisors. "Can you imagine how much desperation and frustration he must have felt when he went from being the shining Martial Prince who was all but destined to win the throne to being the shadows of my campaign?"

Rui closed his eyes. "In such a state of mind, what do you think he would do if he saw a realistic chance of kicking me out of the Kandrian Throne War?"

His eyes opened, filled with certainty. "He would take it.

That's why it needs to be what he perceives to be a realistic chance. Of course, rest assured that I have no intention of losing."

"Why not have another Martial Senior take your place?" One of his advisors asked. "There are only twelve grade- fifteen Martial Seniors in the Kandrian Empire, but I'm sure we can get one of them to support you. It's highly unlikely, but we might even be able to get the Ga-"

"Absolutely not," Rui gruffly interrupted him. "I will not allow any Martial Senior to represent me as my champion. I cannot tolerate that. I will fight for myself. With my own power."

His advisors stared at him with a hint of exasperation.

It was clear that Rui was being irrational at the moment. In the first place, it was not rational to bet one's bid for the throne of a Sage-level powerhouse, one that was all but settled to be his, in return for a simple termination of an agreement. On top of that, he intended to participate himself.

These two things were definitely not a rational course of action that someone in the winner's seat would take, but alas, it appeared that Rui Quarrier Kandria was determined to follow through.



Chapter 1806  Dead Serious



"We're not questioning your power, Your Highness," One of his advisors carefully remarked. "However, you are grade-thirteen Martial Senior, are you not? While your growth to the Senior Realm has been nothing short of the quickest and most prodigious, there are some powerful Martial Seniors who have spent centuries in the Senior Realm and are of a higher grade than you."

Rui smirked. "Your concerns are understandable, but leave the matter of the duel to me."

His advisors stared at him with fear and apprehension.

"Prepare the contract, contact Prince Raijun, and arrange a meeting with him," Rui replied, getting up. "Meeting concluded."

He left the office with his Martial Master bodyguards. "If you have something to say, say it," Rui chuckled. "Your stared are heavy."

"Sorry," Master Ceeran remarked. "I didn't mean to."

"We're just surprised that you're acting uncharacteristically impulsively," Master Zentra calmly remarked.

"…You're not wrong," Rui heaved a sigh. "I suppose I'm just happy that I found a Martial solution to this problem."

Rui closed his eyes. "I'm a Martial Artist, after all, not a politician. The greater the number of problems better solved with my Martial Art, the happier I am. It makes me feel more…fulfilled."

One of the frustrating things about the Kandrian Throne War was that it was too high and powerful for him to influence with his own Martial Art. While techniques like the Hungry Pain technique could impact the Empire as a whole, it was not as though his personal power as a high-grade Martial Senior could impact the Kandrian Throne War.

Thus, he was forced to resort to solving his problems through ingenious schemes and sharp politics, but he didn't find satisfaction in this manner of accomplishing things. The feeling of winning a fight to solve a problem with power obtained after years of hard work was a triumphant satisfaction that no amount of machination could fulfill. That was why he looked forward to the prospect of dueling his way to the throne.

It sounded much more fulfilling than anything else.

On top of that, he could take solace in the fact that there wasn't really any other viable solution to getting what he needed without compromise and as quickly as a Martial duel could get him what he sought.

"But can you win?"

A simple question from Master Ceeran returned his attention to the consequences of his loss.

"Don't worry," Rui closed his eyes. "I am the strongest when I have time to prepare."

The two Martial Masters were familiar enough with his Martial Art to understand what he meant by that.

"Besides, this new technique that I'm working on…it's not perfect, but it should still be useful in this context."

The Angel of Laplace was not yet perfected such that he could use it in combat viably. Although he had drastically reduced the operation time of the technique by reducing the target scope from everything to just his target and opponent, it was still just a bit too long to be used in combat without leaving him open with vulnerabilities.

However, if he could use it before the fight got off…

His probability of victory was significantly higher than before, and he would have eliminated his biggest weakness before the battle even began. If his target was someone that he could find easily, he could shadow them and build a predictive model if needed. At that point, Rui found it difficult to conceive his loss. He had always been able to output incredibly far beyond his conventional limits with substantial preparation.

"Well, it remains to be seen."

It wasn't long before the Rui Administration had finalized the details of the little Martial duel, and had managed to arrange a meeting with the allied princes.

"What's the matter?" Rui nonchalantly remarked as he stared at the projection.

It was a projection of Raijun and Rajak.

"Too scared to meet me face to face?" Rui smirked.

Prince Raijun glared at him with hostility while Rajak simply stared at him coldly.

"You know I'm surprised you two allied," Rui remarked, turning to Rajak. "He killed your family, bro."

Prince Rajak visibly strained to contain murderous bloodlust.

Not at Rui, but at Raijun.

"…And he helped with plotting my assassination to stop you from reaching the Squire Realm," Rui casually remarked, observing his reaction.

Prince Raijun didn't react to that.

It appeared that despite their many differences, they had managed to agree that Rui could not be allowed to ascend the throne.

"What do you want?" Prince Raijun glared at him. "Why did you request for a meeting."

Rui heaved a sigh, resigned to the fact that his low-effort attempts at causing them to break up had failed. "I need you to terminate your contract with Minister Kramen."

"Ha!" Prince Raijun snorted with disbelief. "And why in the world would I do that?"

"Because you might be able to get to forfeit my bid to the throne," Rui calmly replied..

Prince Raijun narrowed his eyes. "What?!"

"I propose a Martial duel," Rui replied. "If you win, I'll forfeit my bid to the throne. If I win, you terminate Minister Kramen's contract."

Both princes widened their eyes with shock!

"You…" Prince Rajak stared at him like he was mad. "Are you serious?"

"Dead serious," Rui replied with a steely voice. Prince Raijun stared at him in shock. "…You have it in writing?"

"Had my team whip up a neat little contract," Rui remarked.

"…Details?"

"Senior Realm," Rui replied. "I'll be my champion; any Martial Senior can serve as your champion. Other rules and details include no weapons aside from those relating to the Martial Path. Win by death, knockout, or submission. The battle can be any barren land spanning thirty kilometers in diameter that our administrations can collectively find and inspect. A panel of invigilators comprised of Martial Masters from both sides to monitor for foul play. Let's also allow for Martial Artist spectators from across Kandria to reduce the probability that anything wrong goes unnoticed, deal?"

Prince Raijun hesitated. VịSit no(v)3lb/!n(.)c𝒐m for new 𝒏ov𝒆l𝒔

The offer was extremely attractive.

Rui smiled when he saw the greed in the man's eyes.

"…Deal. I'll send a man over to your headquarters for the contract. It better be exactly as you say, otherwise I will tear it to shreds. I'll need a month to vet it with my legal team before I sign it," Prince Raijun narrowed his eyes. "You're serious about this, right?"

Rui smirked.

"Like I said, dead serious."



Chapter 1807 Unable to Defend

﻿﻿The administrations and staffs of both princes had quibbled about the details for longer than Rui had hoped.

The Raijun Administration had been extremely paranoid that Rui was somehow trapping Raijun with this contract. An extensive amount of time across many days and multiple weeks went into solely vetting the rather straightforward and simple contract despite the fact that it was only two pages long.

Until they had finally confirmed that there was no way that this was a trap, Prince Raijun finally signed the two copies of the contract on the projection.

"I'll have a man deliver one copy to you," Prince Raijun stared at Rui apprehensively.

"Relax, my brother," Rui smirked. "It's just a duel. You get to avoid risking your life yet again."

Prince Raijun ignored the barb as he stared at Rui with sharp eyes. "I don't get it."

The two of them had had a prior cooperative relationship, thus despite the fact that Rui had steamrolled his campaign in the past nine months, he was still able to engage with Rui in a somewhat normal fashion.

"Why are you doing this? What are you hiding?" He stared at Rui with paranoia.

Rui chuckled.

It appeared that his reputation had caused Prince Raijun to assume that there was more to this agreement than met the eye. Perhaps he thought this was part of some brilliant, ingenious scheme that Rui had cooked up.

He was wrong.

But Rui had no intention of correcting him.

"I'm hiding nothing at all," Rui's eyes grew sharper as he gave Prince Raijun a mysterious smile. "This is an entirely ordinary agreement with nothing more under the surface."

Prince Raijun's expression grew more grave and severe.

He didn't believe a word Rui uttered.

"...As long as you abide by your concessions when you lose, I don't care what you have in mind," Prince Raijun gritted his teeth, clenching his fist.

"I will; you can rest assured about that," Rui smirked. "Bye-bye."

He cut the call, chuckling. "He's paranoid as hell."

"Anyone would be, Your Highness," Master Zentra heaved a soft sigh.

Rui got up and walked away. "Tell Mikhaila to ensure the preparations for the match go smoothly. She's in charge."

"Yes, Your Highness," His secretary quickly scribbled in her pad.

"Do not disturb me until it's important," Rui remarked calmly. "I intend to spend the next few days conditioning myself for the battle."

The battle was due in two weeks.

That was the shortest that the Rui Administration had managed to negotiate for. The Raijun Administration had sought for months of time for scouting a fighter, but Rui simply refused.

He knew he held the advantage in the deliberations.

Prince Raijun didn't and couldn't know how much Rui cared to save time. As long as Rui postured that this was a trivial event and was willing to cancel at any time, he would always hold the advantage in deliberations.

This was because Prince Raijun was unable to even hide how desperately he wanted this. There was no point in trying to pretend he didn't want this because anyone with a brain would know that his probability of victory was much higher, even with short notice than if Rui canceled the event.

It was probably his only realistic chance of beating Rui. There was no way he could do it in the Kandrian Throne War.

He didn't understand why Rui abruptly presented him with an opportunity to get rid of him so simply and straightforwardly.

His legal team had reassured him that there was no trap in the contract, but he found that hard to believe.

Regardless, once the contract was signed, word of it quickly spread across the highest echelons of the Kandrian Empire.

Naturally, those who heard of it were beyond shocked.

It made no sense for the Final Prince to want to level the playing field when he had such an overwhelming advantage. The many stakeholders of the Kandrian Throne War were aghast at the decision that Rui had made.

Yet, the Martial Masters of the Kandrian Empire were the least surprised.

Perhaps they understood his motivations better than normal humans did.

Yet, it begged the question, was his decision right?

"It depends on how strong he's become since he fought me," Master Krakule gruffly remarked. "There are twelve grade-

fifteen Martial Seniors in Kandria. Prince Raijun is bound to be able to get at least one of them to serve as his champion."

A prince like him had the power to attract all of them with powerful incentives. Especially when their victory would return the Martial Prince to being the strongest competitor for the throne and eventually Emperor.

This meant that Prince Raijun could make promises that included benefits after he became the throne.

"There is no doubt that Prince Raijun will be getting his hands on one of the grade-fifteen Martial Seniors of the Kandrian Empire," Headmaster Aronian heaved a deep sigh. "I don't know if Rui is prepared to combat this level of power evenly. He is still extremely young for a Martial Senior."

"I have faith that His Highness is able to," Master Zentra calmly replied. "He would not have taken this course of action if he did not believe that victory was attainable."

Master Vericita looked uncertain as her eyes flashed with protective concern.

"Hah!" Master Iskan snorted with a grin. "You should have faith in the little shrimp! He's strong!"VịSit no(v)3lb/!n(.)c𝒐m for new 𝒏ov𝒆l𝒔

"I agree," Master Ceeran's voice was firm and steely. "If he thinks he can win, he is undoubtedly able to. Rui is the most extraordinary Martial Senior in history. He has accomplished feats that would be deemed absolutely impossible if he hadn't. His Martial Art has the highest recorded grade in Kandrian history, and his capacity for thought is supernatural. Do not underestimate him!"

Master Vericita closed her eyes. "Rui is indeed extraordinary. But what if Prince Raijun acquires a particularly powerful champion?"

Her eyes flashed with angst.

Her tone grew darker.

"What if…what if he manages to compel the Gatekeeper to serve as his champion?"

In just a moment, the optimism in the air was crushed.

Their expressions grew severe.

The air tingled.

"…Surely Sir Armstrong would not deign to serve as a champion for a Martial Artist he does not respect." Headmaster Aronian's voice was grave.

"True. But if he does…" Master Zentra closed his eyes, turning to Master Ceeran. "Would you still be confident in His Highness' victory?"

For once, Master Ceeran was unable to defend Rui.



Chapter 1808  Arrived



A battle between Martial Seniors.

It was not something that human beings were qualified to bear witness to under normal circumstances. The sheer power output of Martial Seniors was so high, that death was a certainty even if the spectators were hundreds of meters away. Such was the destructive power of those who had harnessed the full potential of the Martial Body.

Of course, the Kandrian Empire most certainly possessed the powerful infrastructure needed to allow spectators to survive and witness the riveting battle between Martial Seniors. That usually came at the cost of freedom in battle.

In this case, the Martial Senior battle was not a commercial event.

Thus, neither side saw fit to bother getting spectators.

This was purely a duel for the throne.

For the future of Kandria.

Naturally, because the stakes were so high, it instantly drew massive amounts of attention not just across Kandria but from across much of East Panama as well.

"What is he thinking?!" Chairman Decker exclaimed with horror. "He had a clear path to victory in the long run, which is trying to hasten the final step with such an absurd risk?!"

Guildmaster Bradt narrowed his eyes as he studied the report, maintaining his composure.

He had to admit that, on the surface, it was an incredibly stupid and irrational gamble. There was no need to try to secure the final supporter in a month when it was known he had four years left. It was better to use long-term strategies to secure the final high-ranking government official that he needed.

However, Guildmaster Bradt knew that Rui wasn't stupid.

Thus, it meant that Rui was aware of the risks and deemed them worth undertaking. It didn't really make sense why he would deem it worth undertaking unless he was extremely arrogant about his own Martial prowess or…

"…Or there's some other important consideration that he's hiding," Guildmaster Bradt narrowed his eyes.

He had no idea what it could be. Regardless, it didn't matter. He had already hedged his bet with Rui. Not even he could afford to pull out of a faction twice in rapid succession. He had invested a lot in Rui.

"Besides," He closed his eyes. "I do not believe that the prince would have taken this course of action had he not been confident. He also, in my experience, is able to accurately evaluate what he is and isn't capable of."

He would have never won the Shionel Dungeon War, as far as Guildmaster Bradt was concerned.

"Let us wait and watch."

This was a sentiment that was echoed across the political sphere of the Kandrian Empire.

That was all they could do, after all. They were unable to intervene in the agreement, and it had already been signed and thus would unfold no matter what.

Thus, they simply waited and watched with abated breaths. While they did, Prince Raijun was trekking up a mountain in the depths of North Kandria, where the weather was so cold that it was entirely inhospitable to all human life.

"Are we there yet?" Prince Raijun murmured. "Some more distance, Your Highness," One of his Martial Master bodyguards remarked. "The Mine of Frosty Lava is within the depths of the mountain with the sole entrance at the top of the mountain."

"Huff…" Prince Raijun panted, narrowing his eyes. "It's worth it. If I can just get him to fight for me…"

He clenched his fists.

He knew that it was an extremely long shot. So much so that most people would write it off.

When his staff and administration provided him with a list of the best Martial Seniors to have as his champion, they had purposefully only provided eleven because gaining the twelfth's support was almost impossible.

Yet, he couldn't help but at least try.

"It would be game over if I succeed." He narrowed his eyes as he strained forward.

The storm surrounding the mountain was difficult to tread through despite his Martial Body. It was caused by the presence of an esoteric ore known as Frosty Lava. An esoteric that glowed a smoldering red identical to lava but was actually extraordinarily cold, causing low-pressure regions in the atmosphere around it with its low temperatures, resulting in powerful wind currents due to the pressure gradient.

The result was a blizzard that was extraordinarily cold and powerful, making it difficult even for Martial Squires to travel.

"Huff…Huff…" He reached the peak of the mountain. Ahead of him was a cave that retreated deep into the depths of the mountain.

He sky-walked down the cave, along with his bodyguards, following the winding tunnels throughout the interior of the mountain. The air grew colder and colder the closer they approached the center of the mountain.

It wasn't too long before they arrived at what seemed like a lava lake, with streaks and lines of lava flowing in and out of the lake down to even deeper depths.

The air was extraordinarily cold, stinging at even the Martial Prince's body.

Yet, it wasn't the cold that drew their attention.

No.

It was the power.

It was the sheer power that radiated from the being submerged in the supernaturally cold lake.

Prince Raijun widened his eyes as he felt deep peril from the man.

He felt his hands shaking.

Not from the cold.

But from the fear.

He gritted his teeth, clenching his fists. "I, the Martial Prince, request an audience with Sir Armstrong, the Gatekeeper of the pinnacle of the Senior Realm!"

RUMBLE!

Prince Raijun widened his eyes with shock as the mountain shook.

It tremored.

The very lands beneath them roared.

"…What is this?!" Prince Raijun yelped in fear. "Is he activating his Martial Heart?! Is he launching an attack?!"

"…No, Your Highness," One Martial Master gravely replied, meeting the prince's fearful eyes.

"That's just his Martial Body moving."

THUD

The Martial Masters grew more severe.

THUD

Prince Raijun knew, on a rational level, that he was safe.

THUD

He knew there was no reason to fear.

THUD

Yet when he beheld the gargantuan eight-foot behemoth that emerged from the lake, he could not maintain his composure.

The man didn't look human.

His skin and flesh had been conditioned so much that they may as well have been of a different species altogether.

His muscles had muscles.

His bones radiated a sense of impregnable solidity. Thê sourc𝗲 of this conte/nt n/o/v/(𝒆l)bi((n))

His body seemed to generate its own gravitational field.

The Gatekeeper had arrived.



Chapter 1809  He Is The One



The man didn't have so much as a hint of hair on his head, yet his eyebrows, mustache, and beard were long and overflowing. His visage was aged and elderly. His eyes seemed to radiate a depth that Prince Raijun was unable to fathom.

They regarded Prince Raijun without a hint of reverence towards the symbol of the Royal Family.

"Sir Armstrong," Prince Raijun bowed. "It is an honor to be in the presence of the first sword of the Kandrian Empire."

"Speak." The man's voice rumbled, possessing an inhuman depth. VịSit no(v)3lb/!n(.)c𝒐m for new 𝒏ov𝒆l𝒔

"…I would like to request you to fight as my champion in a Martial duel that I have accepted."

The Gatekeeper's eyes narrowed. "No."

He turned back, returning to the lake with heavy steps.

"Please, Sir Armstrong!"

THUD

"Help me!"

THUD

"Help me win!"

THUD

"Help me win!"

THUD

"DEFEAT THE VOID PRINCE AND MAKE ME EMPEROR!"

The man froze.

He turned around slowly.

His powerful gaze pinned the Martial Prince in place.

"…Tell me more."

A wide smile of jubilation emerged on Prince Raijun.

Unfortunately for him, the news of what happened that day could not be contained. He was not the only one who had eyed the Gatekeeper.

Rui sat in a room, isolated from everybody and everything. He had reserved a space of absolute silence to condition his mind for combat to ensure that he was at his absolute peak going into the battle.

CLACK

The door opened, breaking his focus.

"This better be important."

His words were intense.

The messenger of the Martial Union flinched. "Y-Your Highness, it's Their Masteries. They have requested your presence immediately. They said it's urgent."

Rui frowned, immediately getting up.

He knew that the Martial Masters in his orbit would not call him for something stupid and meaningless. Whatever it was, it was mostly likely something that he definitely would want to know.

"Take me to them now."

It wasn't long before Rui found himself before Master Ceeran, Zentra, Vericita, and Aronian.

He glanced around at them, immediately noting the tension in the air.

It prickled at the skin.

There was a distinct gloom that lingered in the air.

"…What's going on?" "…Please have a seat, Your Highness."

Rui frowned, taking a seat before them. "What's this about?"

"You must find a way to terminate your Martial duel with Prince Raijun, Rui," Headmaster Aronian heaved a sigh.

"What?" Rui narrowed his eyes. "Why?!"

"Because we just received news about who Prince Raijun has chosen as his champion." Master Zentra calmly remarked.

"…And?" Rui raised an eyebrow. "What is this, a drama? Just spit it out."

Master Ceeran grew grave. "His champion is…is none other than the Gatekeeper himself."

The name lingered in the air like an incantation.

Its very utterance weighed on them.

"…Who?" Rui tilted his head.

PAT

Master Vericita patted him on the head with affectionate concern. "The Gatekeeper, Sir Armstrong, the first Squire and Senior of the Kandrian Empire. Centuries ago, the strongest Martial Artist in all of Kandria before the advent of the Master Realm. A legend. His name was known throughout the Kandrian Empire when I was but a young girl but has been forgotten over the centuries as Martial Art progressed far beyond the Senior Realm."

Rui could feel the respect and admiration in her voice for who was supposed to be a Martial Senior. And not without reason, either. If even half of what she said was true, then her reaction was understandable.

"…Is that why I've never heard of him?"

Master Ceeran snorted, amused. "No, in your case, you're just too self-absorbed in your Martial Path to care to find out."

Rui regarded that with a light shrug, unable to deny it.

"So…" Rui turned around to each of them. "Old Senior veteran is my opponent, got it. What's with all the gloom?"

"He is strong, Your Highness," Master Zentra calmly remarked. "The strongest."

"There is no one who has cultivated the Martial Body as much as he has, Rui," Headmaster Aronian gently informed Rui.

Rui narrowed his eyes.

"Do you recall when I told you that the highest three grades of the Senior Realm are wider?" Master Ceeran remarked.

"…Yeah," Rui recalled that distant conversation shortly after his fight with Master Krakule. "You told me that even the grade fifteen Martial Seniors could be divided into fifteen, sixteen, and seventeen."

"Do you recall how many I told you would fall into grade seventeen?" His tone grew more severe.

Rui's eyes sharpened. "…One."

Master Ceeran turned towards Rui, meeting his eyes.

"He is the one."

Rui considered his words as his eyes swam around. "…And Raijun managed to get him as his champion?"

"Many people have sought to have the Gatekeeper as a champion, but he straightforwardly refuses them. He has never accepted a request for championship. However, this time…he has changed his mind."

Rui grew severe. "…I see."

"When it comes to the Senior Realm, he is undefeated," Master Vericita informed him with concern. "Many a Martial Master has challenged him to a duel without their Martial Minds, just to test their foundations, and he has defeated every single one of them in the past three centuries. He has lifetimes of experience in war and combat, having been a part of the very first generation of Martial Squires who commenced the Age of Martial Art. He is among the progenitors of the Age of Martial Art with over half a millennium of experience in Martial Art."

"…And what is his Martial Art?" Rui narrowed his eyes. "What is his Martial Path?"

"His Martial Path is Physicality Evolution," Master Zentra answered Rui's question calmly. "His Martial Art, the Temple of God Style, is a Martial Art that is largely a training-oriented Martial Art."

Rui's eyes lit up. "Interesting…"

Training-oriented Martial Art were those Martial Art a larger majority of the Martial Art techniques were geared towards training the body. These training techniques permanently elevated physical performance parameters to greater heights, increasing the standard output of the body to much greater heights.

"The advantage of such a Martial Art is that there is often no strict upper limit to the growth a training technique can provide, compared to active techniques and that the gains are perennial and permanent," Headmaster Aronian remarked. "The disadvantages, of course, are that it takes a large amount of time to maximize the potential of each training technique."

He turned to Rui with a hint of angst.

"He has been training for more than five hundred years."



Chapter 1810 Adamant

Rui understood what Headmaster Aronian was trying to say.

Most Martial Artists trained their bodies to their conventional limits, achieving the desired weight and muscle-mass-to-body-mass ratio before focusing on developing active techniques.

Active techniques were techniques that required the mind for cognition, usually to achieve necessary activation, commencement, coordination, timing, accuracy, or precision. Techniques like Outer Convergence, Flux Earther, Fire Breathing, and Reverberating Lance were such techniques.

Passive techniques were those that did not require the mind for anything. These were techniques that would be in effect even if the user was knocked unconscious. Most passive techniques were training techniques, often conditioning techniques that would permanently alter the body.

The greatest disadvantage of such techniques was that they required a long time to materialize the same level of power that active techniques did. Rui had mastered Outer Convergence in half a year originally. However, if he wanted to train his muscles to naturally and innately output the same attacks as they did with Outer Convergence, then he would probably need to train them in extreme training and conditioning techniques for at least a few years.

This disadvantage made many Martial Artists unwilling to pursue them too much. It simply took too long.

However, what if there was a Martial Artist who did pursue them?

What if there was a Martial Artist who pursued them for a long time?

What if there was a Martial Artist who pursued them for more than five hundred years?

"I can't imagine how strong he is."

Rui's words expressed concern.

Yet neither his quivering voice, the smile cracking at the edge of his mouth, nor the twinkle in his eyes could hide his excitement and amazement.

"It isn't just that he has overcome the disadvantages, my child," Master Vericita chided him. "He has fully manifested the advantages to their absolute maximum."

Rui narrowed.

There were three main advantages of passive and training techniques.

The first was that they didn't burden the mind during combat. Because they didn't require cognition mid-combat, they didn't require any attention; thus, they didn't slow down reaction time or reflexes.

The second was that there wasn't a strict limit to the number that could be in effect simultaneously. With active techniques, because each one of them required a certain amount of cognition, there was always a limit to the number of active techniques that could be used at any time because there was only so much cognition the mind had to distribute. The same was not true for training and passive techniques; one could benefit from the power given by a hundred, potentially a thousand, passive and training techniques at once.

The third was that their power being permanent meant there were few openings to be exploited. Mistakes weren't as costly as they were with active techniques because the power was, in a sense, permanently switched on.

"The Gatekeeper has weathered the passage of time to achieve these advantages, having overcome the price to pay: the enormous time it takes to cultivate these techniques," Master Zentra remarked with a tone of respect. "He has dedicated himself to the elevation and mastery of his body and, in doing so, has come up with many Martial schools of thought on the evolution of the Martial Body that have gone on to become their own fields of Martial Art, including my own Martial Path, physiological control. He is the progenitor of many such fields."

Master Zentra turned to Rui. "You are the first Martial Senior to have been inducted into the Martial fiscal committee, but you are not the first to be invited. While no individual contribution the Gatekeeper has made is equal to your revolutionary Hungry Pain technique, the sheer sum of all the contributions he has made may exceed it."

Master Ceeran heaved a sigh. "Many of the elder Martial Masters and regard him with deep respect. He was at the forefront of the Kandrian Empire during the Kandrian Empire's days of conquest more than three hundred years ago. They refuse to address him by the honorific of 'Senior,' instead using 'Sir' to convey their respects for a man they deem as an equal despite his lower Realm."

Rui heaved a deep breath, considering everything he had heard.

It was a lot to process.

He hadn't expected that the person Raijun would manage to get his hands on would be someone this distinguished and impressive. He did look forward to fighting the strongest Martial Seniors of the nation, but this was far beyond just that.

"I hope you understand now, Your Highness," Master Zentra calmly remarked.

His tone contained a sense of finality.

"I'm sure the legal team can find some loophole in the contract to terminate it."

Master Ceeran nodded. "If I remember correctly, inadequate health should technically be a valid reason and justification."

"I'm sure you can find another way to bring that contract from the Martial Prince's grasp, my child," Master Vericita smiled, consoling him as she patted his head.

Headmaster Aronian nodded sagely. "Knowing when to retreat is the marker of a great king."

"I will not be retreating for this."

Rui's steely voice firmly cut through the air.

His determined eyes met each and every single one of theirs. "I will fight." N/nêw n0vel chap/ers are published o/n n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

The air grew tumultuous.

A smirk emerged on his face. "Physicality Evolution…I wonder if my Adaptive Evolution is powerful enough to overcome it. Aren't you excited to find out?"

Tension tingled in the air.

"Your Highness," Master Zentra narrowed his eyes. "You will lose."

"You're selling me short, isn't that right, Ceeran?" Rui turned to the Master.

Yet the man was unable to muster up a pro-Rui statement, wincing silently.

Rui shook his head. "…I don't blame any of you, but my choice won't change."

"…Rui," Headmaster Aronian hesitated.

He got up, walking away. "Send me all the information you have gathered on the Gatekeeper."

Even as he returned to his meditation chamber to calm down, he was unable to contain jitters of excitement. Any considerations for the contract and the final high-ranking government official he needed were already gone.

A single desire had captured his heart.

He just wanted to fight this man.



