Chapter 1851  Summon



"What do you think, grandma?" Rui asked, hands on his waist, turning to his grandmother behind him.

She smiled, nodding with approval. "You have understood our needs very well. This will do."

She gazed around in the forest they were in encouragingly.

The forest they were in was comprised of dense and thick trees that formed a large canopy, blocking out the Sun. There were also a multitude of smaller and thinner trees that could be chopped down for housing.

The land of the forest was flat, with solid bedrock deep under the clayish soil, making ideal for building elementary housing.

Rui ensured that the trees' wood had as low a water content index as possible so that it could easily be used as firewood.

In addition, there was a freshwater river in the vicinity with bountiful fish for food.

Furthermore, the forest was bountiful with game, critters, and birds of all kinds. It also had beasts of all kinds in its depths, including a plethora of Apprentice-level, Squire-level, and even a single Senior-level beast. In other words, food and water were completely secured.

"Wow…"

"This will be a nice place to stay…" Th.ê most uptod/at𝓮 n𝒐vels a/re published on n(0)velbj)n(.)c/o/m

"This is going to be a new home for us…"

He could see the Silas Clan relaxing a bit more after returning to an environment that was familiar to them.

Rui had initially considered preparing luxurious housing arrangements for them but had quickly realized that the Silas Clan would be unable to feel comfortable and relaxed in such an environment.

It was entirely alien and beyond their life experience.

That was why he had instead cooperated with the Minister of Ecology and Environment to find a location that would be ideal for a nomadic tribe that had wandered the cracks of the Human Domain and the Beast Domain.

Thankfully, the Kandrian Empire was filled with such locations, this was because there were many parts of the nation that were isolated and desolate. The Kandrian Empire had an enormous amount of territory spanning many millions of square kilometers in total for a population of only about a hundred and fifty million.

This was good because it made finding a remote, uninhabited natural forest known as the Ilvilia Forest to give the Silas Clan a comfortable place. After pouring through all the data, he found a spot in West Kandria that fit the exact needs of the Silas Clan to the T.

He had acquired permits on their behalf from the Ministry of Ecology and Environment as well as permission for full impunity regarding forestry rules. Overhunting was prohibited, but it was worth it if it meant keeping the Silas Clan happy.

He doubted they would, though. The Silas Clan was minimalistic and non-disruptive of the environment, which was necessary because disrupting the environment could draw attention that they did not want.

"I'm glad you like it, grandmother," Rui smiled. "Why don't you settle in and find yourselves at home before we proceed with other important matters? I'll visit every day and I'll have some personnel on-site that you can rely on for help in regards to anything you may need. For now, I would suggest that you all get some rest, you have exerted yourself in traveling a great distance in a short amount of time."

"We will take you up on your suggestion, my grandson," Matriarch Nephi nodded. "Rest assured, we won't need anything, we are self-dependent."

The Silas Clan enthusiastically got to work, transforming the environment around them into their new home, while Rui gave them some personal space to acclimatize themselves to the radical shift in lifestyle.

Although he was now a part of the clan, he knew better than to think that he could seamlessly integrate himself into the dialect. It was why he had asked his grandmother for the script of the language when she had the time.

It had barely been several hours since they joined the Kandrian Empire. Rui was sure that word of the Silas Clan's entry into the Martial Union had spread across the highest echelons of East Panama.

How could it not?

This was a game-changing unfolding.

When he glanced at his silent communication artifact after leaving the Ilvilia Forest, it was bombarded with countless messages.

Yet, he wasn't even able to read them as the eight Martial Masters around him bombarded him with countless questions.

"Rui, what is all this about?!"

"Your Highness, when did you contact the Silas Clan?"

"How did you even find them in the first place?"

Rui smirked. "The details are irrelevant. Here are the facts that do matter. The Silas Clan is a part of the Kandrian Empire from this day forth. Our Empire now has fifteen Martial Sages and the power of prophecy at its disposal."

"This…" It was difficult to wrap their head around this.

It was incredibly sudden and abrupt.

Normally, negotiations like this carried on for weeks and months!

Yet somehow, Rui had very swiftly managed to reel them very swiftly, sealing the deal in what appeared to be a few days at most.

There were many factors that allowed him to accomplish this feat. Being related to them by blood, possessing his own unique power of prophecy was also deeply helpful, defeating their strongest Awakened Bodyforger, and the tantalizing offers and reliable guarantees that he had made had all played a part in sealing the deal rapidly.

Of course, they had no awareness of any of this.

Rui smirked, ignoring their flummoxed dumbfoundedness, returning his attention to the communication artifact.

He had more important matters to deal with.

While he had countless messages from multiple parties spamming him to learn more about the shocking event of the Silas Clan's joining of the empire, he had received only one message from the Martial Union.

[Dear Rui Quarrier Silas Kandria,

The Sage Council of the Kandrian Martial Union has summoned you for an audience. Kindly comply with the summon in accordance to the attached details.

Regards, the Martial Union.]

Rui narrowed his eyes, preparing himself.

-



Chapter 1852 Eat Your Heart

He was not surprised that the Sage Council of the Martial Union had sought to personally tackle this case by themselves instead of leaving it to the Master Council or the Union Assembly.

They were ill-qualified to deal with a Martial Sage.

Frankly, so was he. But he had special power and influence in this case.

There was no doubt that the Silas Clan and its Martial Sage matriarch joining the Martial Union was nothing short of a shock to ten Martial Sages of the Martial Union. They probably would not have personally undertaken this case if Matriarch Nephi had still been a Martial Master.

Naturally, the power of prophecy was deeply attractive, but a Martial Sage wielding prophecy was something that definitely earned their personal intervention.

He was grateful for the deference they had shown him by not rushing in to intervene the moment the Silas Clan entered the Martial Sage after the confrontation with Sage Farana. They had waited patiently for him to finish his initial guidance of the Silas Clan around the Kandrian Empire.

However, they would undoubtedly seek an explanation and understanding of what had happened.

In fact, most likely, the same could be said for the Kandrian government and the military, as well as the Kandrian Security Agency.

The difference was that he was more powerful than most people who sought explanations from him. He didn't need to answer them with the sheer amount of political capital he had.

The only forces he could not brush off were his father and the Martial Union.

STEP

He exhaled deeply as he arrived before the Martial Union national headquarters in the Town of Vargard along with his eight bodyguards.

It wasn't long before he found himself standing before the gate to the Sage Council Hall of the Martial Union.

His expression grew grave.

It took every ounce of self-control to prevent himself from quivering under the sheer pressure that permeated from deep within the hall.

He could almost hear heaven and earth screaming in agony under the weight of ten Martial Sages.

It was as though the weight of their being exceeded what the world around them could bear.

RUMBLE

The world shivered unsteadily.

Rui exhaled unsteadily, reaching the open gates.

CLACK

Ten martial Sages greeted him with powerful, deep stares the moment the gates opened. The ten of them were seated on extravagant thrones on an elevated platform, allowing them to look down on those who beheld them.

Rui gritted his teeth, arming himself with his strongest Mind Mask to weather the passive pressure that their presence generated within his mind.

It was effortless on their behalf.

A part of their being.

Yet it was almost more than what Rui was able to tolerate.

STEP

STEP

STEP

Rui walked closer towards them, reaching the center of the great hall, before bowing deeply to the ten Martial Sages with a hand clasped at his fist.

"Greetings, Your Sagehoods," Rui replied with a deferring and respectful tone. "I am deeply honored to be deigned worthy of-"

"-Cut the crap."

The Sloth Sage's lazy voice echoed through the hall.

He eyed Rui sleepily. "You can save that for royal stuff, and we don't care for that in the Martial Union."

Rui knew this, but it was worth a try.

"I understand Your Sagehood," Rui straightened himself.

"Senior Rui," the Mountain of Fortitude addressed Rui with his Martial honorific rather than his royal one. "You must be aware of why we have summoned you."

His tone was formal.

His eyes were sharp, boring into Rui's.

He conveyed an unfathomable weight—as though a single knuckle on his fist weighted as much as a mountain.

This was a leader of the Earth Sect.

"Most certainly, Your Sagehood," Rui affirmed firmly.

"Then, tell us, Void Prince," the clear voice of a little girl echoed through the hall. "What is the meaning of this?"

He glanced at the Flickering Elder.

She looked to be no older than eight. She would fit right into the Quarrier Orphanage, in fact.

If one could ignore the perilous Sage-level aura that radiated from her, as well as the fact that her physicality distorted in real-time.

A multitude of micro-movements across her entire body in a matter of nanoseconds conveyed the impression that her body was in multiple places at once. It was deeply unsettling, yet Rui firmly maintained his composure.

"It is exactly as it seems, Your Sagehood," Rui sincerely replied. "After my father, Emperor Rael, revealed my kinship with the Silas Clan, I sought them and found them, making contact with them and eventually convincing them to join the Kandrian Empire."

RUMBLE

The world shivered beneath his feet as the Martial Sages narrowed their eyes, peering into his eyes.

"When, where, and how did you do all of this when you never once left the Kandrian Empire?" A raspy whisper echoed through the hall.

The Whispering Widower seemed particularly intense among them.

"I must deeply apologize, Your Sagehood," Rui replied calmly. "However, I'm afraid I cannot say."

RUMBLE

His eyes sharpened. "You would dare to deprive me of the truth?"

Rui gritted his teeth.

It took him every ounce of willpower to maintain his composure, but he could not dare to divulge the existence of Sage Sayfeel. It would be the height of incompetence and betrayal to do so.

"Lemolen." Th.ê most uptod/at𝓮 n𝒐vels a/re published on n(0)velbj)n(.)c/o/m

The air boiled as the Tempestuous Fortress glared at the Whispering Widower, intervening. "Cede."

Rui broke into a cold sweat as a tsunami of peril erupted from the two.

"Pressuring one of our most valued partners and constituents is deeply inappropriate." The Flashing Flier calmly declared, pinning the Widowing Whisperer with a powerful gaze.

Yet the latter refused to relent.

"A Martial Senior ought to know when to defer to a Martial Sage," the Whispering Widower whispered, his eyes turning back to Rui. "His princehood has gotten to his head. Perhaps I ought to-"

He froze as a horrifyingly malevolent bloodlust erupted from across the table.

Its maleficence rotted the very world around them.

Rui shivered.

He shivered as he experienced a depth of horror that he didn't know was possible.

"Touch him, and I will eat your heart."

The world shook with fear as the Devil, Sage Damian Arrancar himself, declared with a predatory grin.



Chapter 1853  Mediator

VịSit no(v)3lb/!n(.)c𝒐m for new 𝒏ov𝒆l𝒔

The air boiled.

It boiled tumultuously as the Devil made his declaration.

Rui gritted his teeth as he struggled to maintain his composure.

He failed.

Such was the horror that radiated from the Martial Sage touted as the Devil.

The Widowing Whisperer narrowed his eyes, glaring at the leader of the Fire Sect. Yet he didn't retort back.

Sage Damian Arrancar was the greatest maniac of the Martial Sages of the Kandrian Empire.

He was also the strongest. That wasn't the only reason that the Whispering Widower froze in his tracks at the threat that the Martial Sage brazenly declared.

That threat was the reason the Second East Panamic War had been triggered. Sage Damian killed a Martial Sage of the Britannian Empire by doing exactly what he had threatened to do.

By eating his heart.

"Calm down," the Mountain Fortitude narrowed his eyes. "You too, Lemolen. None of us will tolerate any sort of action, no matter how little, against the Void Prince just because he refused to divulge information he had no obligation to divulge."

The other Martial Sages turned their powerful gazes to the assassin Sage.

It was clear that this was a sentiment that they each shared.

"Hmph," the Whispering Widower relented, closing his eyes and folding his arms. "Acting like I was going to kill him. It was only my intention to educate him about the hierarchy of power in Martial Art."

"I am in charge of education," Sage Dagar Roschem, the Flashing Flier, calmly reassured. "Leave that to me. Regardless, we have gotten off-topic."

The leader of the Lightning Sect turned his gaze to meet Rui's eyes. "It is indeed rather strange that you were able to find, meet, compel, and coordinate the Silas Clan's arrival to the Kandrian Empire without a single person noticing. However, I suppose that is a testament to your competence. Like father, like son."

"If you don't wish to divulge the details of this particular matter, then we shall respect your wishes," the Flickering Elder graciously declared. "Frankly, these details, as confounding as they are, do not matter. They are not why we have gathered here. They are not why we have summoned you here."

Their attention returned to him, pinning him in place. "Where in the harmony of the Kandrian Empire does the Silas Clan fit?"

Rui narrowed his eyes. In other words, they wanted to know what the Silas Clan was going to do now that it had become citizens of Kandria.

Depending on which faction, power bloc, or stakeholder group the Silas Clan sought to join, they would undoubtedly alter the power dynamics of the Kandrian Empire.

Of course, Rui was certain that the ten Martial Sages of the Martial Union were hoping that the Silas Clan would join the Martial Union as a Martial family in a manner similar to the Arrancar Family, the Roschem Family, and the Dullahan Family led by the Devil, the Flashing Flier, and the Hugging Hegemon.

"The Silas Clan hopes to join the Martial Union."

Rui's voice echoed across the hall.

Clearly, the Sage Council of the Martial Union was pleased by this revelation. It increased the Martial and bargaining power of the Martial Union and gave them access to a priceless stream of information about the future itself.

"Of course," Rui continued. "That does not mean it will be unconditional. They are offering a powerful, unique service and will not settle for being short-changed. They have a deep narcissistic pride regarding their power of prophecy; thus, if you convey even the slightest hint of disregard for their prophecy, they will not join the Martial Union."

The Martial Sages narrowed their eyes thoughtfully at his words.

"They are also paranoid regarding outsiders due to centuries of persecution and possess no diplomatic sense or experience. In addition, they have powerful kinship, low societal awareness, and are religious to the Transcendent Prophet. That concludes all the important elements of their character profile, though I am able to provide you with a more detailed character profile if you desire."

He knew exactly what they sought from him, offering it before they could even ask; intelligence.

"As far as their interests and demands go, they require longevity potions to ameliorate the lifespan-consuming effects of the Eye of Prophecy technique. They also seek security guarantees for full aid and cooperation from the Martial Union in the event they get attacked for their technique. Tertiarily, they also seek Martial Art resources that are exclusive to the Martial Union," Rui replied. "They have other requirements, but those are not of the Martial Union and will be handled by my faction."

He closed his eyes. "I am more than willing to serve as a mediator, should Your Sagehoods desire this of me."

That was what they sought of him: intelligence and aid.

The ten Martial Sages stared at him blankly for a moment.

RUMBLE

"Cut to the chase and right to the point," the Devil chuckled. "I like you, kid."

Rui turned towards Sage Damian Arrancar with a deep gaze. "It has been a long time, Your Sagehood."

He had met Kane's dad for a brief moment a long time ago, passing out in his presence the first time he entered the Arrancar Mansion.

It could barely be considered a meeting.

He didn't know what to think of the Martial Sage when he thought about Kane. The man had tormented Kane for a long time but had ultimately turned out to have done it for his sake so that his drive would ensure he realized his potential, unlike Fiona, whose father also happened to be sitting in the room.

In addition, Fae's grandmother was here too.

He closed his eyes, shaking his head inwardly. This was not a family-friend meeting; it was a serious council meeting that sought to maximize the gains from the opportunity of the Silas Clan.

"Prince Rui Quarrier Silas Kandria," the Flashing Flier calmly addressed him. "We are grateful for your willingness to mediate an audience with the Silas Clan. It is clear that you possess a much greater understanding of them than we do. Any and all information and aid that you are able to give will be greatly appreciated. You can rest assured that our objectives are to accommodate the Silas Clan in a position that is befitting of their power and contributions, just as we do with all Martial Artists in Kandria."

-



Chapter 1854  Conquered Death



The meeting with Sage Council continued for some time as Rui went more in-depth into the nuances of the character profile that he had formed on the Silas Clan and their interests and objectives. This time, he spoke more about Matriarch Nephi, who had earned their interest and curiosity; she was the most important member of the Silas Clan by far, after all.

Simultaneously, he gauged just how far the Sage Council was willing to accommodate the Silas Clan.

"We hope to forge an exclusive partnership contract between the Silas Clan and the Martial Union," the Flickering Sage informed Rui. "We are aware that it is somewhat unrealistic for the Silas Clan to acquiesce to becoming a part of our internal corps."

Rui nodded. "They strongly value their autonomy; they are deeply unwilling to move at someone else's order. Most likely, they will not cede to any sort of conscription clause. Thus, I think forging a partnership like you do with external partners like myself is ideal. A revenue split agreement, a mutual-aid clause where both parties aid the other in times of unprovoked conflict by the respective parties, and a commission clause where you make use of their services for a certain annual fee might be the best way to go about it and free access to the Martial Union's technique data base." Thê sourc𝗲 of this conte/nt n/o/v/(𝒆l)bi((n))

Such an agreement would give the Silas Clan the guaranteed political and militaristic protection of the Kandrian Empire, where they would be required to aid the Martial Union. It would also allow them to sell their services for wealth that they could use to procure potions and other resources.

It was a win-win situation as far as Rui was concerned. Both parties got what they wanted. The Martial Union could boast a whopping eleven Martial Sages and the other Martial Artists of the Silas Clan, and it could also make use of prophecy services.

In turn, the Silas Clan could relax under the guaranteed protection of ten Martial Sages, a hundred and ten Martial Masters, and more than a thousand Martial Seniors. It also had the protection of the Kandrian Border Patrol Force and the Kandrian Security Agency, each boasting a Martial Sage. They also would be able to purchase and procure potions and the endless Martial Art resources that the Martial Union had.

"You are truly incredible."

RUMBLE

His statement permeated through the world itself.

The weight of his emotion coerced him into submission.

The Mountain of Fortitude gazed at Rui with admiration as his voice cut through all of Rui's thoughts.

"Your value to us is beyond what any kind of remuneration can possibly justify," The Mountain of Fortitude remarked. "We are willing to wage wars for you should the need ever arise. We look forward to seeing what you accomplish on the throne. I have been one of your most ardent supporters as the next Emperor of Kandria."

Rui had to control himself from wincing and grimacing, bowing his head in turn. "Thank you for your kind words, Your Sagehood."

Yet he couldn't help but feel heavy in his heart.

"Silas Clan, eh?" the Sloth Sage yawned lazily, heaving a sigh. "This is going to be a drag."

"You have given us much to think about, Prince Rui Quarrier Kandria," The Flickering Elder. "We will endeavor to approach the Silas Clan after we have thoroughly prepared ourselves to make the most favorable first meeting. Any intelligence reports on your behalf would be appreciated. When that happens, we will look to you to mediate the meeting as trusted members of both groups."

"I will do my best, Your Sagehood," Rui bowed towards her.

Soon enough, the meeting came to an end.

Rui heaved a sigh, massaging his temples as the stressful meeting finally came to an end. Now, he just needed to convey this to Matriarch Nephi so she could be aware of it. Then, he had to wait for the Martial Union to arrange for a meeting with the Silas Clan and mediate it. Once the arrangement was set, then there really was no need for him to stick around as things would proceed smoothly. When he returned to his office, he found a strange package waiting on his office room table.

He frowned. "Did you put this here?" "No, Your Highness," she furrowed her eyebrows.

He opened the package, inspecting its contents as realization dawned on him. "It's the Beggar's Sect. Show off."

He shook his head before going through the information package that the Beggar Sage had prepared for him.

[Doctor Kar Mar-Vel]

Rui narrowed his eyes. 'Is that his real name?'

He had only heard the Divine Doctor addressed by the name 'Divine Doctor,' considering that this man was allegedly older than the Age of Martial Art, it was not strange that his real name had long been buried in the sands of time.

According to the Beggar Sage, the Divine Doctor was a young boy who grew up in a settlement in North Panama. Born in an unstable age with little prosperity, he grew up having to satiate his endless curiosity regarding the mechanics of life with experimentation and self-experimentation.

So much so that by the age of fifteen, he singlehandedly cured his entire village of a plague that had spread across human civilization, if it even existed in any meaningful sense then.

That event triggered him to pursue the path of medicine, creating and founding the modern medical school of thought. Disease after disease, condition after condition, his understanding of the human condition spiked, far outstripping the nascent medical professionals that had been born as a result of the field of medicine that he had founded.

He traveled across the world, spreading the art and science of medicine across all of human civilization.

His contributions to humanity were immeasurable. It was difficult to say whether humanity would have survived the harshness of this world without his medicine. Yet there had always been one condition that he had never been able to cure.

Death.

Try as he might, once a human died, nothing could fix them. When his life soon approached its natural end, rather than gracefully accepting his death, he sought to overcome it.

His lone efforts were not enough.

Yet he was not alone. Two others, who were equally gifted in mind, aided him: the Psycher and the Beggar Sage.

Together, the three of them pooled their ingenuity, and shortly before the Divine Doctor was to die, they did it. Together, they freed the soul from the shackles of a dying body and implanted it into a new, younger body.

They conquered death.

-



Chapter 1855 Worthy

﻿﻿Rui's eyes widened as he read through the Beggar Sage's account of the Divine Doctor's life.

This was not what he expected.

"…The Divine Doctor, the Beggar Sage, and the Psycher conquered death together?" Rui whispered, stunned.

The Beggar Sage did not specify the mechanics of the soul transferring, which Rui expected. Functional immortality was sought after even more than the power of prophecy. Any information regarding it was priceless.

He continued reading on through the account of the Divine Doctor.

Once he grew immortal, the Divine Doctor spent his days looking for greater and greater hurdles to cure.

He had already cured death.

Now, he sought to cure diseases and conditions worse than death.

He spent his days traveling across all of human civilization in search of medical conditions and patients that could challenge his transcendent medical prowess.

At the moment, according to the Beggar Sage, the Divine Doctor was undertaking the greatest challenge that ever existed. The greatest challenge that would ever exist. The greatest challenge possible. A feat worthy of the gods should he successfully overcome.

He was in the Beast Domain, pursuing the diagnosis for this particular patient.

There were many more details, but they weren't nearly as important.

'So basically, the Divine Doctor is to medicine what I am to my Martial Path,' Rui mused, realizing that they might have more in common than he had considered.

He frowned as he read the next sentenceThê sourc𝗲 of this conte/nt n/o/v/(𝒆l)bi((n))

[PS: This is extra information that you might find interesting, but you'll owe me one if you want to read it, and trust me, I'll know if you choose to. This information is tangentially related to this topic and particularly relevant to you, so consider it. Oh, and my favor is not going to be unreasonable. It's actually quite easy for you, but it is something only you can do.]

Rui scowled at the message from the Beggar Sage that came after the life story of the Divine Doctor.

Information relevant to him?

He narrowed his eyes. The Beggar's Sect could be sneaky, but it did not lie through its teeth when it came to the information it sold. Credibility and reputation were priceless in the intelligence community. If there was even a hint of deception in the information it sold, then its credibility would go down the drain, and it would lose a lot of business.

"Fine." He muttered before continuing on.

Their many combined efforts, led by the Divine Doctor, to gain immortality yielded fruit.

It worked.

They had become immortal, living on from long before the Age of Martial Art, before the longevity potions of humanity were created, until the modern day.

The question that had begged them after they gained immortality was what they ought to do with the method of immortality.

Keep it to themselves?

It was tempting, but they had decided not to.

They were not the only ones worthy of immortality. Albeit very minutely few, there were others who were like them, gifted in mind with the power to change humanity forever. They kept their eyes out for such individuals.

Gifted geniuses with extraordinary minds.

The Scrier.

The Astromind.

The Esoterist.

They bestowed the gift of immortality upon each of them, allowing them to spread their gifts across humanity forever.

The Beggar Sage created the Beggar Sect that would allow him to find and locate geniuses of mind around the world, marking them as potential candidates for immortality to approach when they came to the end of their lifespan.

Unbeknownst to him, one of the chosen candidates was…

special.

The Martial.

She was a genius of combat, able to defeat countless hoards of men all by her lonesome. Armed or unarmed, gangs, and even small armies. She was able to come away victorious against all of them.

She redefined what was possible to be accomplished by a single person.

The Beggar Sage, impressed by her combat prowess, decided to bestow the gift of immortality on her.

Unbeknownst to him, this decision would change humanity forever.

The Martial, to whom he granted immortality, was none other than the first Martial Apprentice of human civilization.

Rui's eyes widened with shock as he shook in his seat.

"What?!" He stared at the words with unadulterated bewilderment.

The first Martial Apprentice of humanity?

As far as he was aware, the identity of such a person was entirely unknown. The identity of the first Martial Squire that triggered the dawn of the Age of Martial Art was known, but Martial Apprentices existed at least a century before the Age of Martial Art.

Due to the poorly written records from an era six hundred years ago, it was impossible to know exactly which Martial Apprentice was the first Martial Apprentice of humanity.

Now, however, Rui knew exactly who it was.

Not only that.

The revelation that the Beggar Sage was ultimately responsible for triggering the Age of Martial Art was shocking!

Yet, what was to come shocked him even more!

[You, Rui Quarrier Silas Kandria, may be worthy of immortality as judged by none other than me, one of the three keepers of immortality. You are undoubtedly a powerful candidate for the title of sage.]

Rui stared at the hand-written words of the Beggar Sage as the air tingled under the weight of his mental turmoil.

His breathing grew heavy as his mind furiously pored at the words of the Beggar Sage.

[Of course, don't get it twisted; I say 'immortality,' but it does not mean you are unable to die. If you die in combat or are murdered, that's game over. What it is is longevity. In your case, you are a Martial Artist and have access to longevity potions, so you won't need me any time soon. But one day, centuries from now, you will. Your lifespan will one day deplete, and when it does, you better hope that I deem you worthy of a new life]

Rui struggled to maintain his composure as the Beggar Sage casually revealed life-altering information to him.



Chapter 1856 Prism Valley

Rui's mind was in a muck, trying to process all the information that the Beggar Sage had nonchalantly thrown at him.

Today, he learned that he had applied for a longevity program he didn't even know existed.

Hell, he was scouted for it.

Scouted by the Beggar Sage.

It made sense on a rational level, considering how much his talent had shined. The extraordinary capabilities of his mind were almost public knowledge at this point. Thus, if the Beggar Sage was looking for truly exceptional human beings that stood out from all of human civilization, then Rui was indeed among them in the modern era.

However, it still hadn't settled into his soul that he now potentially had a path after natural death.

The ramifications of this new revelation were rocking, which is why he struggled to process them.

It reminded him of the revelation of the meaning of his name.

His eyes narrowed at that thought.

Soul transferral.

Something clicked in his mind.

'Could it be…?'

For the first time in his life, he had found something that resembled a clue regarding the greatest mystery of his life.

Unfortunately, any critical analysis quickly revealed that it was not a viable explanation.

For one, he didn't just reincarnate; he moved to another world entirely with a reality that defied the one that he had known in his previous life.

On top of that, the Beggar Sage stated that he, the Divine Doctor, and the Psycher were the only ones who had this so-called soul-transferral technique. However, the Beggar Sage made it clear from his words that they had nothing to do with his reincarnation.

He was being considered a candidate for immortality, as in he had never been one.

Thus, it was questionable whether his reincarnation had anything to do with this so-called soul transferral.

A myriad of possibilities flashed through his mind as he considered the matter more deeply.

His mother almost certainly knew that he had been reincarnated. It appeared that now he may have found something that could potentially help elucidate the truth of his reincarnation.

These were just two pieces, potential pieces, of a much larger puzzle that had been a mystery his entire life.

Yet the stronger he got, the more he learned about the world, and the closer he came to an answer to what was the greatest mystery of his life.

Or lives, rather.

"Huff…" He heaved a deep sigh, shaking his head.

It was too open-ended to spend too much of his time on. There were essentially infinite possibilities, and he had no real way of narrowing them down any more than he had already tried to do.

As for being selected for immortality…

He was a Martial Senior with access to as many potions as he could possibly ever need. He could live on for many, many centuries. The matter of his lifespan was an extremely distant and hardly pressing matter.

It did not move Rui

In fact, as shocking as all of this information was, it was not the most important information that he had received. The most important and vital information that he had received was…

'The last known location of the Divine Doctor in the Human Domain,' Rui narrowed his eyes as he eyed the location.

[The Prism Valley]

It was a valley that served as a passageway into the Beast Domain from the Human Domain, located at the edge of the western side of the Beast Domain. It was the last time that the Divine Doctor had been seen in the Human Domain.

This was what he was looking for.

The earlier information that the Beggar Sage threw at him was sensational, novel, and shocking, but it did not help him in any way in any short-term sense.

He put the matter aside for now; he had more pertinent matters to deal with at the moment. He needed to show the information regarding the Divine Doctor to his grandmother; he also needed to prepare for the deliberations between the Matriarch and the Sage council of the Martial Union.

Only when those two matters were fully taken care of could he head out to the Adventurer's Guild to speak with the guildmaster.

When he returned to the Quarrier Orphanage, his eyes furrowed with surprise.

"I wondered how he managed to become such a splendid young man when raised in an orphanage, but…" Matriarch Nephi held the hands of Lashara. "I no longer have any doubts. Thank you, dear, for giving my grandson a life of love."

"N-Not at all, Your Sagehood!"

"You are the adoptive mother of my grandson; cease with such stiff formality. I was never fond of that honorific. Today, I am merely an elderly woman expressing gratitude to the mother of my grandson."

Matriarch Nephi did a splendid job of controlling her aura.

The aura of a Martial Sage could cause mental damage to ordinary humans regardless of intent. Rui actually marveled at how firmly and properly she was able to erase any pressure that she generated in the subconscious minds of those around her.

However, it made sense.

The Silas Clan was a tight-knit clan that was always together. This meant that Matriarch Nephi was always meters or feet away from her kin.

She could not afford to not control her power. It was undoubtedly a basic skill that was an absolute necessity for all Silas Martial Artists in order to ensure that they did not hurt their own kin.

That was why the children of the Quarrier Orphanage were able to swarm around her, receiving hugs and pets without ever once realizing that the gentle, affectionate elderly grandma who indulged them had the power to reduce nations to a hole in the ground.

Julian and Xanarn were equally unnerved under their superficial composure, for they understood exactly how powerful this being was.

It was a surreal scene.

Yet the peace and serenity left him longing.

"You've returned, my grandson?" Matriarch Nephi turned to him calmly.

"Yes, grandmother."

"Mmmm, it appears that we have much to talk about," she remarked. Her eyes softened as her gaze returned to Lashara. "Then, I shall no longer impose on you. Maintaining a family is difficult, after all. I look forward to speaking to you once more. I will have you regale me with the stories of my grandson from his entire life." VịSit no(v)3lb/!n(.)c𝒐m for new 𝒏ov𝒆l𝒔

-



Chapter 1857 Instinct

Lashara smiled at those words, turning to Rui with an affectionate gaze. "…It is my favorite past-time."

Rui's smile was melancholic, for he knew that soon he would be departing from the Kandrian Empire and would not see her for several years to come.

"Then, you'll have to pardon me while I borrow this young man for a brief," Matriarch Nephi got up, withdrawing her hands from Lashara. "We have some important matters to speak about."

Rui waved the dumbfounded Quarrier Orphanage. "I'll be back in an hour or so."

The two of them sky-walked across Kandria toward the Ilvilia Forest, where the Silas Clan was settling.

"You have been blessed," Matriarch Nephi remarked with a profound tone. "That bastard Rael did a good job finding a family for you."

Rui smiled wryly. "Grandmother, when I'm gone…"

"Don't worry," she remarked. "I shall ensure that no harm shall befall the Quarrier Orphanage. Not now, not ever. Rest assured that my power will protect them always.

Rui heaved a deep sigh of relief. "…Thank you."

With that reassurance, Rui could probably stop worrying about the Quarrier Orphanage entirely. With the protection of a prophetic Martial Sage, the Quarrier Orphanage was essentially untouchable.

"Now then," Matriarch Nephi narrowed her eyes. "What did the Martial Sages of the Martial Union say to you?"

"They were naturally shocked by your citizenship in Kandria," Rui remarked. "At the same time, they were deeply interested in winning over the Silas Clan to the Martial Union. Now that the Silas Clan has settled in the Kandrian Empire, everybody wants a piece of the pie."

"Hm, and you're sure that the Martial Union is the place most suited for us?"

"Without a doubt, the other options are governmental institutions that require loyalty and some amount of compliance with orders from superiors or the Underworld, where you will then become the enemy of the Martial Union and the Emperor," Rui informed her. "Of course, you can also go 'his' route and swear an oath of loyalty to the Emperor." V/\IssịT n0(v)eL/b(i)(n).𝘤𝑜/𝓂 for the b/est novel reading experi/en/ce

He didn't dare utter Sage Sayfeel's name aloud. He had already warned the Matriarch of the importance of the secret and had reluctantly got her to agree to allow Sage Sayfeel to wipe out his memory from their minds with some hypnosis while she herself agreed to never divulge the secret.

"Hmph, no thank you," she snorted. "We refuse to make enemies inside the nation or swear loyalty and comply. The Martial Union seems like the best place, without a doubt."

"It definitely is," Rui admitted. "As I was saying, they were deeply interested in obtaining the Silas Clan's partnership and even giving you all a say in the Union's Fiscal Committee, which decides the allocation of the Martial Art budget. They are also proposing a mutual aid agreement where both parties will come to aid the other in times of unprovoked conflict."

Matriarch Nephi's eyes nodded with enthuse at that. "We are very much willing to enter such an agreement unless the Martial Union is frequently attacked. Is it?"

"The last time it was attacked was more than eighty years ago during the Second Great Panamic War," Rui shrugged. "Only a minute proportion of the peak of human civilization, the Sage-level powerhouses, around the Panamic Continent that have the balls to attack us. And frankly, the incentive is not strong enough. They'll lose far more than they could possibly ever gain."

It was simply not worth it to lose half one's Martial Sages and Martial Masters just to get one's hands on the power of prophecy. Both classes of Martial Artists were too powerful to be worth sacrificing en masse for the sake of the power of prophecy.

"Hm, that's quite attractive, then," Matriarch Nephi remarked.

"Do you want me to provide you with a more detailed report regarding the Martial Union and its Sages?"

"Hmph, that won't be necessary. It has been a long time since I've read in the continental dialect, and I prefer to rely on more own judgment rather than second-hand intelligence."

"Understandable."

It simplified his job, certainly.

STEP

They arrived at the Silas settlement in the Ilvilia Forest.

Rui glanced around, inspecting the progress of the clan. Considering how short a while it had been, they had made significant progress in building initial settlements for everybody in a short amount of time.

"Come," she remarked to her grandson, entering a particularly large hut. "Give me all the information you have about the Divine Doctor. I shall fulfill your request to me now that it is clear that you have obtained all the information that I require."

Rui nodded before proceeding to tell her everything that the information package covered. He also showed her several pictorial representations of data, including a map featuring the Divine Doctor's migration patterns in the Human Domain.

He made sure to congest and present her summaries and distilled shreds of information that were particularly pertinent.

"Hmmm…" Matriarch Nephi narrowed her eyes a few hours later. "How fascinating. To think that he has managed to conquer death in this fashion. I wonder if the Silas Clan could employ their soul transfer technique to overcome the shortcoming of the Eye of Prophecy technique?"

Her eyes flashed with greed at the revelation of this new information.

"I doubt that the Beggar Sage is going to offer up the key to immortality," Rui shrugged. "But that's about all the relevant information about the Divine Doctor. So what do you think, grandmother? Can you use your Eye of Prophecy technique to locate the Divine Doctor?"

He gazed at her with enthusiasm and anticipation.

"Remains to be seen," Matriarch Nephi. "I will need some time to digest and process everything that you have told me."

Rui tilted his head. "Is that how the technique works?"

"Of course. I suppose I can tell you now."

Her tone grew solemn as the air almost instantly grew heavier.

The intensity in her eyes reflected the importance of what she was about to disclose.

"It comes from the soul."

Rui narrowed his eyes.

"Every living creature is able to instinctively discern the future, whether it's something as simple as instinctively predicting the motion of moving objects or more complex instinctive estimations of the future of matters relating to people," she continued. "The origin of these instincts regarding the future is the subconscious mind. Sage Silas developed a sophisticated set of hypnotic training techniques that trained and honed that future instinct, elevating it far beyond instinct. Elevating it to the Eye of Prophecy."

-



Chapter 1858 I Accept

At that moment, a flood of memories from back on Earth struck him.

It was a time during which John Falken had already finished the development of the adaptive evolution model that allowed the user to thoroughly adapt to anybody with the most perfectly placed counter to any given move.

One of the biggest problems he was running into was that the human mind was too slow to execute these moves before it was too late. Human movement speed exceeded human reaction speed.

That was why he had turned to prediction.

If the user could predict the movement of his opponents accurately, then he could begin his counter at the right moment.

Of course, he had eventually gone on to develop the predictive model for just that reason. However, the predictive model had not been his only option. Another serious contender for the prediction mechanism was honing and training the subconscious predictive instinct that was based on subconscious pattern recognition.

It was a very serious contender for becoming the predictive mechanism.

There was very rigorous research that statistically demonstrated the subconscious mind's ability to foresee the future. There was research that neurologically demonstrated that parts of the brain associated with the subconscious mind preemptively prepared to execute decisions before the conscious mind had even made an actual conscious decision.

It was an evolutionary neurological trait that greatly predicted survival, which was why evolution favored it.

Rui often wondered what would have happened if John had instead chosen to go with the subconscious, instinctive prediction instead of the conscious statistical prediction of the predictive model.

Well, now he found out.

It would have worked out just fine. Th.ê most uptod/at𝓮 n𝒐vels a/re published on n(0)velbj)n(.)c/o/m

"Incredible…" Rui murmured. "Instinctive prediction."

"I know that the prophecy of your technique is different. It's not prophecy at all, is it?"

She stared at him with a knowing look.

A Martial Sage could not be fooled so easily.

"It isn't," Rui smiled wryly. "It's calculation. Really advanced calculation."

"Fascinating," she murmured. "I was not aware that the future could be calculated. Yet your worths are undoubtedly truthful. I sensed a tsunami of conscious thought erupting within the depths of your powerful mind during your fight with Huldah."

She closed her eyes. "Imagine what would happen if we were to combine these two techniques."

Rui's eyes lit up with a hint of greed.

"We would ascend from mere prophets to…gods," her voice grew energetic at the prospect of attaining the power that Rui had shown her.

"…It will be the first thing I do after returning," Rui heaved a sigh.

"Hmph, is the nation? Is your father that important to you, boy?" She snorted. "You're wasting time on things not related to the growth of your Martial Art."

"That's a false dichotomy, grandmother. It's not that simple," Rui replied calmly. "I am not choosing between my Martial Art and the matter of Kandria's next Emperor. Choosing to expose myself to the Beast Domain will probably do me more good for my Martial Art than remaining here and mastering your technique."

There was a reason he truly believed this.

She peered at him knowingly. "Being protected by eight mindforgers around the clock has dulled your instincts."

Rui heaved a sigh. "Yes, unfortunately. I am no longer alert or aware because there is no point in being alert or aware. On top of that, I have only fought seriously twice in the past year and a half. That is a very grave lack of real combat experience. I used to be embroiled in more conflict before I returned to Kandria. I was alert, and my instincts were sharper."

"Hm, in that regard, perhaps it would be better for you to get away from this environment," she remarked. "When do you plan to leave?"

"In some days after all the matters regarding the Silas Clan are settled."

"Then I shall be sure to prepare a prophecy for you by then."

Rui smiled. "I appreciate that, grandmother."

Days passed as Rui waited for the Martial Union to make its move.

He wasn't the only one waiting.

The entirety of East Panama was waiting as well.

The sudden increase in the Martial Sage count of the Kandrian Empire had already sent ripples across East Panama. The economic incline that this event would cause had already been felt in the first week since the arrival of the Silas Clan as the Martial Credit currency index experienced a whopping eight percent growth internationally.

This was before the Silas Clan had even met the Martial Union!

It reflected the expectations of the international community. The Silas Clan was an asset and a power unlike any other that existed in East Panama. That was not to say it was Martially the strongest, certainly not.

It was strategically the most powerful for a nation.

If not for the fact that the Kandrian Empire under the Emperor of Harmony was not hawkish or conquest-oriented, many people would be worried about what the Kandrian Empire would be capable of once the Martial Union fully harnessed the power of the Silas Clan.

Some even hoped that there would be a severe breakdown in negotiations, causing the Silas Clan to leave the Kandrian Empire.

Unfortunately for them, Rui did not intend to allow this outcome to unfold. He had earned the trust of both parties and would be serving as the mediator for the approaching conference.

And it arrived.

STEP

Master Sera Graven, the Harbinger, had arrived at the settlement of the Silas Clan in the Ilvilia Clan, wearing formal attire with the emblem of the Martial Union on the chest of her attire.

A profoundly powerful Master-level aura radiated from her. One that was stronger than all Martial Masters of the Kandrian Empire.

Naturally, she could not be ignored.

STEP

The Mindforgers of the Silas Clan had arrived before, regarding her with stern caution.

"Identity yourself and your purpose for approaching the Silas Clan."

"I am Sera Gervin of the Master Council of the Martial Union," she calmly replied, pulling out an extravagantly adorned envelope. "I am here to convey an invitation for a conference personally offered by the Sage Council of the Martial Union to Matriarch Nephi Silas of the Silas Clan. From Sage to Sage, they beseech an audience with her."

RUMBLE

The Harbinger stiffened as a profoundly power presence shook the very world around them, bending heaven and earth under the weight of her being.

STEP

Matriarch Nephi had arrived.

A single remark escaped her mouth.

"I accept."

-



Chapter 1859 First Meeting

The Sage Council of the Martial Union didn't mess around too much. While emperors and rulers of nations would often take weeks, months, and in some extreme cases, even years to plan out such an important meeting, they didn't care for all that.

The invitation was a handwritten letter.

[Respected Matriarch of the Silas Clan, Matriarch Nephi,

On behalf of the Sage Council, we, the Flickering Elder, the Mountain of Fortitude, and the Hugging Hegemon would like to invite you to a summit to discuss the prospects of any potential cooperation between the the Martial Union and the Silas Clan. We hope to formally welcome you to the Kandrian Empire and explore each other's interests and objectives to potentially come together in a powerful, mutually beneficial agreement and understanding between us for the betterment of both parties. V/\IssịT n0(v)eL/b(i)(n).𝘤𝑜/𝓂 for the b/est novel reading experi/en/ce

We would like to nominate Prince Rui Quarrier Silas Kandria as a neutral mediator who truly wishes the best for both parties and understands what each party needs and desires.

We hope that you will accept our invitation, and we look forward to speaking with you.]

Three signatures from each Martial Sage were at the bottom of the invitation card, along with other details such as the venue and the time period.

"Hmph, I didn't expect the Martial Union to be so suffocatingly formal," Matriarch Nephi snorted once she read through the letter.

"That's actually not all that formal," Rui replied. "A formal invitation would be much more tedious in its verbiage and sentence structure. That's semi-formal at best."

Matriarch Nephi stared at her grandson with deep skepticism.

Rui heaved an amused sigh. "Listen, grandma, don't be too casual with the Martial Sages of the Martial Union; this is a formal meeting, and not reciprocating the formality they show you could be interpreted as a sign of disrespect."

"Hmph, I know."

Of course, Rui wasn't all that worried. He had already highlighted Matriarch Nephi's severe lack of diplomatic experience on multiple occasions. Thus, he had no doubt that the Martial Sages of the Martial Union would not care.

What was some rudeness before the prospect of gaining a new Martial Sage and the power of prophecy?

He continued to prepare her until, eventually, the time for the meeting had arrived. She had dismissed the formal attire that Rui had offered, choosing to wear the leather fashioned from game and cloth fashioned from tree fiber.

"This is our tradition," she insisted.

Eventually, they set out for the Town of Vargard to the headquarters of the Martial Union. Naturally, Rui didn't take his bodyguards this time around. He didn't need them when he was traveling with his grandmother.

STEP

They descended before the Martial Union, where a delegation of Martial Masters had awaited their arrival.

"Welcome to the headquarters of the Kandrian Martial Union, Matriarch Nephi Silas," They bowed, clasping their palms over their fists. "Their Sagehoods await to welcome you themselves."

"Hm," She nodded perfunctorily. "Lead the way."

With each step they took, the world seemed to shift.

Rui had grown accustomed to this, but it was still unnerving. The impact that Martial Sages had on the world was almost impossible to articulate, yet it was one of the most real experiences a person could have.

Matriarch Nephi, on the other hand, was unperturbed even as she contributed to it as a Martial Sage herself.

STEP

They arrived before a large gate.

Rui composed himself as the pressure upon the mind had intensified.

There was no doubt about who awaited them on the other side.

CLACK

The gates opened, revealing three Martial Sages standing on the other side.

The Hugging Hegemon, the Flickering Elder, and the Mountain Fortitude.

"Welcome to the Kandrian Empire and the Martial Union, Matriarch Nephi Silas," the Flickering Elder began with grace in her child-like voice. "We are grateful and pleased that you have accepted our invitation. I am Maya Heln, a leader of the Martial Union and the Lightning Sect."

"I am Kalyn Dullahan, matriarch of the Dullahan Family and leader of the Fire Sect."

"I am Kreinwol Vintar, patriarch of the Vintar Family and leader of the Earth Sect. Together, the three of us are represent the will of the Sage Council of the Martial Union."

"I am Nephi Deborah Silas," Rui's grandmother spoke with a measured tone. "Matriarch of the Silas Clan. Thank you for inviting me."

Not the most elegant response, but it would do.

The Flickering Elder smiled at her good-naturedly. "We have heard much about you and kin from the many tales that have trickled across human civilization. We have also learned about you from your grandson, our ambassador and committee member, and hope to come to an understanding and a mutually-beneficial agreement."

"The Silas Clan, too, hopes to establish a relationship with the Martial Union," Matriarch Nephi replied.

"Then, let us begin without further ado.

The five of them settled around a large and extravagant table and chairs with the three Union Sages on one side and Matriarch Nephi on the other side. Rui sat at the side of the table to fulfill his role as mediator.

They glanced at him with a pointed look.

"As an individual with deep relations with and understanding of both parties," Rui began with a calm and confident tone. "I shall endeavor to establish the interest and objectives of both parties regarding a partnership with each other."

He gestured to his grandmother lightly. "On one side, we have the Silas Clan. They seek security from power-mongers who pursue the Silas Clan for the power of prophecy. Secondarily, they also seek a supply of longevity potions that can ameliorate the price of the forbidden prophecy technique they employ. Tertiarily, they seek Martial Art resources that can help them elevate their prophetic Martial Art, mitigate its drawbacks, and grow stronger as Martial Artists. These are the three primary desires and objectives that the Silas Clan seeks from a partnership with the Martial Union."

He turned to his grandmother. "Is that an appropriate representation of your stance, grandmother?"

"It is." Matriarch Nephi affirmed firmly.

"Very well," Rui nodded. "On the other hand, the Martial Union seeks to be able to harness or employ the Martial power of the Silas Clan with appropriate remuneration as well as the prophetic power and prophetic services from the Silas Clan, also with appropriate remuneration, is that accurate?"

"Definitely," the Hugging Hegemon confirmed nonchalantly.

-



Chapter 1860 Mediation

"Then, in that case, I will attempt to ensure that both parties are able to secure each of their demands in a mutually beneficial cooperative partnership," Rui replied. "I am more than equipped to begin exploring potential models for the partnership between the Silas Clan and the Martial Union."

He pulled out several sheets of paper from a folder. Each of them focused on elements of a potential agreement or was a template for the partnership between the Martial Union and the Silas Clan with basic terms and conditions between the Martial Union and the Silas Clan.

"The first and what might be the most pertinent tenant, in my opinion, would be the clause of mutual aid," Rui began. "This clause specifies that both parties will be obliged to provide proportional aid to each other in the event that a party is a victim of a sustained and unprovoked assault. This clause lends the power of the Martial Union to the Silas Clan to fulfill the aforementioned security requirement for the Silas Clan."

Neither side had any issues with the spirit of the agreement, as Rui had privately conferred with both sides about it, but there were potential issues in defining the details.

"What exactly counts as unprovoked in these circumstances?" Matriarch Nephi raised an eyebrow. "The Kandrian Empire has made enemies in its history during the Age of Martial Art. It has undoubtedly provoked at least some of them in the past; what if an attack on the Martial Union is a long-awaited retaliation for transgressions of the Martial Union in the distant past?"

It was a valid concern.

The Martial Union had undoubtedly picked fights in the past, and Matriarch Nephi wanted nothing to do with conflicts provoked by the Martial Union in the past. VịSit no(v)3lb/!n(.)c𝒐m for new 𝒏ov𝒆l𝒔

"It refers to conflicts provoked after the signing of the agreement," Rui replied. "The history of East Panama is such that any attack can be construed as a retaliation. It would be unreasonable to evade aiding the Martial Union by finding some niche historical justification for the attack, thus giving the Silas Clan justification to not fulfill its obligation. The spirit of the agreement is violated if this occurs."

Approval flashed in the eyes of the Union Martial Sages as Rui firmly put his foot down to be fair to the Martial Union.

"I'm sure your grandson has informed you of this, but nobody attacks the Martial Union," the Mountain of Fortitude remarked with a hint of arrogance. "Very few are even qualified to. On top of that, attacking us in our stronghold and domain of power is almost suicide, even if conducted by a force with the same amount of Martial power as the Martial Union. Rest assured, you will not be dragged into countless battles."

RUMBLE

It was almost as if his confidence alone radiated seismic radiation through the lands beneath them.

"Then why do you seek the clause of mutual aid so much?" Matriarch Nephi raised an eyebrow with askance. "If conflict is rare, then there should be no reason to seek our reinforcements."

"It is because we are strong that conflict is rare," the Flickering Elder replied calmly. "If we didn't amass power, we would be targeted. This world is still a world of survival of the fittest. The Silas Clan should understand this truth better than anybody else, does it not?"

Matriarch Nephi definitely had to admit that she had a point.

"Ultimately, we're stronger together than apart, is all," the Hugging Hegemon grinned. "We can also fight stronger opponents if and when we are attacked."

"Typical Fire Sect," the Mountain of Fortitude snorted. "The point is to not get attacked; that's why the Matriarch seeks us. Are you trying to sabotage us?"

"Hey, just sayin'." She shrugged nonchalantly.

Rui wasn't sure why the Sage Council had chosen to send her, but if one representative of the Fire Sect needed to be present, then Rui figured that it was better for her than the maniac that was Kane's father.

The Flickering Elder heaved a sigh, glancing at the matriarch of the Silas Clan with an apologetic expression. "Rest assured, the Martial Union does not pick fights just to fight stronger Martial Artists. Individuals can make individual choices that have nothing to do with the Martial Union and thus will not apply to the mutual aid clause that is specified."

That earned Matriarch Nephi's approval. "Then, I do not care what individuals do or say. The Silas Clan will not fight to clean up the mess of particularly aggressive members of the Martial Union."

"That is understandable; however, if the Martial Union is attacked unprovoked, including territory or authoritative and significant members of the Union, then we will expect you to comply with the clause. Can you confirm you are in agreement with this?"

"I am," Matriarch Nephi firmly affirmed. "In turn, I expect that the Martial Union will abide by this agreement to the final letter. The Silas Clan has been attacked many times in the past; we expect you to supply solid reinforcements matching the threat if we are attacked unprovoked."

"We swear to abide by this condition absolutely on behalf of the Martial Union," the Flickering Elder declared.

Very quickly, both parties came to an agreement on one element of the partnership between the Martial Union and the Silas Clan. Rui had expected this, having received a positive response when he proposed the agreement to each side privately.

"We have taken the first step to arrive at a final agreement for the partnership between the Martial Union and the Silas Clan," Rui remarked optimistically as he swiftly noted the clause in an empty template for the contract. "With that, one of each of the aforementioned interests and objectives of both parties has been fulfilled; let us engage in discourses and explore other potential agreements that both parties can have."

The deliberation proceeded smoothly as Rui delicately and gently guided the discussion down productive directions relevant to both parties.

-



