Chapter 2270  Troubleshooting Problems



"…And just how do you intend to do that?" Sage Roschem raised an eyebrow.

"By winning the war for allies, and the entire war, of course," Rui replied. "As long as the Kandrian Empire gains a lot of allies, it will become increasingly impossible to not cater to us. Once the Kandrian Alliance grows large enough, we will give them no choice but to cater to us. However, that is a long-term solution. There is a more short-term solution."

"Oh…?" The Masters at the table were curious about what he had to say. "It's simple, we make the cause of the problem serve as the solution," Rui calmly remarked. "We are receiving a huge influx of Squires and Seniors, yes? On top of that, we have a ton of more Apprentices, though I'm sure my father has taken measures himself. What we can do is offer suppliers either a highly discounted or free service of protection, security and other Martial labor in exchange for accepting our supply commissions. Like I said, have the problem work to serve as the solution."

They stirred at his words, startled. "Free is a bit…"

"Money is the least important asset in war." Rui snorted. "Resources matter far more. Just take debt, sell bonds, or use a share of our earnings. Whatever. What matters more is that we broker a deal with suppliers by making them an offer that they cannot refuse. Martial labor for free is something that they will be forced to accept, for if they refuse, their competitors will accept the deal, reducing the cost of production and outcompeting them in the market with lower prices. We won't have to worry about the increase in the net number of operations that Martial Artists will have to do because that number is equalized by the increasing number of Martial Artists. This is a much more immediate albeit imperfect solution."

A silence occupied the table as they realized the merits of Rui's genius, yet simple and brutally pragmatic solution to the supply problem that plagued the Martial Union. While Rui refused to undertake the role of a politician, it didn't mean that he had lost his ability to be extremely good at it.

"…That idea does make sense. No, there isn't any other solution that allows us to deal with the problem this elegantly," they murmured. n/o/vel/b//in dot c//om

"Your idea sounds quite compelling, but we will have to run it by our analytics department. After all, this is well outside of our field of expertise. We only make the final decision based on the findings and reports of people who are experts," Sage Roschem clarified. "I, for one, am in favor of this solution. It seems like it ensures that we will be able to handle the influx of Martial Artists and obtain the resources we require for them in a practical manner."

His voice was filled with concern and relief.

Rui wasn't surprised that he cared so much given that he was voluntarily in charge of educating and guiding the young generations of Martial Artists within the Martial Union.

Looking at him reminded Rui of Fiona. They certainly bore a resemblance to each other. It had been a while since he had seen his friend, or any of his friends aside from Kane and Nel.

He had been swamped with matters that were far beyond anything they could ever imagine. Unless they grew strong enough, he would only ever see them at infrequent get-togethers.

"Master Rui?"

His attention was abruptly drawn by another Master at the table. "Sorry?"

"We were wondering if you had anything to offer regarding the issue of the Panamic Martial Federation being weaponized by the other Sage-level powerhouses to pass legislation that specifically targets the Martial Union and the Kandrian Empire?"

Rui heaved a sigh as he fell into thought. "This is a problem. However, I do not think that it can be too weaponized. The Panamic Martial Federation functions as a constitutional democracy. In other words, there are inalienable rights that are reserved for its constituents, though, I suppose that I am exempt from them. What works in our favor is the fact that the East Panamic Treaty Alliance cannot do this alone—they need support from the rest of the Martial World to weaponize the Panamic Martial Federation against the Martial Union and the Kandrian Empire."

It would take too much time and effort to go across the entire Panama Continent and hold long-term negotiations to get everybody to agree to passing legislation that was specifically designed to cripple and whittle down the Kandrian Empire.

"Furthermore, it isn't as though we will sit still. As I mentioned earlier, I am willing to conduct a small amount of breakthroughs for the most powerful of forces. This will better our relationship significantly and make it extremely difficult to get everybody to pile on us through the Panamic Martial Federation," Rui continued. "On top of that, even if they do somehow succeed by pursuing it at all costs, it will easily take more than a decade, maybe even two. By the time they actually get around to passing some law that harms Kandria specifically, we will have already grown astronomically more powerful. So much so that even the Panamic Martial Federation will find it impossible to actually enforce its laws against the Martial Union and the Kandrian Empire."

The others stirred at his words, once again growing compelled by his reasoning. Indeed, what he said made a lot of sense.

"Hm, we shall certainly note that down. Now, I was hoping to get your thoughts and solution on this next issue…"

Rui heaved a sigh of resignation.

The reason that they called him here was not just about the breakthrough leak, but also to get him to use his mind to solve all the problems plaguing them upon the dawn of the war. They essentially treated him as a problem troubleshooting software.

Still, he remained. It was indeed true that there were a lot of problems born from the war and it was also true that it was in his interests to solve them.

-



Chapter 2271  Pending Engagements



The meeting with the Martial Union lasted long as Rui addressed the many problems that had emerged as a result of the war. The sheer amount of economic, political, and logistical problems that had emerged as a result of the third Great East Panamic War was a lot. After all, as a commercial Martial broker, the Martial Union was sensitive to market shocks that had happened as a result of supply and demand disruptions in the economy.

Nonetheless, Rui provided them with the best solutions then and there with his sheer political acumen. He was not nearly as much of a whizz as his father was, of course. But, given that his father was extremely busy as the Emperor of the Kandrian Empire, he didn't have time to look after the Martial Union at this time.

On top of that, the Martial Union was too proud to ask him for help. Nôv(el)B\\jnn

Thus, Rui had no qualms about offering fixes to the various problems brought up.

After a certain point, the others simply stopped commenting and simply waited for him to give them the answer.

After all, they were Martial Artists.

The only reason they had any understanding of the problem was because they had been thoroughly briefed on the problems and potential solutions at hand by the analytics department of the Martial Union.

"…And with that, we've arrived at the end of all agendas on the docket of this meeting. We shall reconvene for another unmoderated caucus at another time." The Flashing Flier nodded at everyone.

"Alright. See you guys next time." Rui was the first to get up and leave.

He had too many things he had to do.

The only reason he had gone first to his father and the Martial Union was that these meetings took precedence in significance to the war, which was the most important matter to all Kandrian Martial Artists of the Upper Realms.

The most immediate thing he did next was shoot towards the direction of the Quarrier Orphanage as fast as he could.

Of course, tempted as he was to travel at top speed, he didn't want to use his Martial Heart or his Martial Mind in case he was ambushed when his stamina was depleted. Although he didn't really think that any assassin would attempt such a crude attempt, it was still better to same than to be sorry.

As he sky-walked through the vast expanses of the Kandrian Empire, he felt a strange sense of nostalgia. It was as though he hadn't traveled through the Kandrian Empire in recent times or something like that.

Which was strange because he hadn't really gone anywhere after returning to the empire from the Beast Domain.

"Maybe I should spend truly spend time in the nation itself." He pondered aloud.

Usually, when he wasn't in the Quarrier Orphanage, he would be training at Daracol in North Kandria or, more recently, in the manifold. It had been a while since he traveled to his home nation itself.

"Maybe I should take the opportunity to do just that when I visit my friends."

It had been a long time since he met with his friends, barring Kane and Nel. He definitely wished to check up on them. Although their vastly differing positions in life had pulled them apart, he still thought fondly of them.

"I also need to check up on my friends among the Martial Masters."

He hadn't gotten too much of a chance to get a stock of which Masters died because he had eagerly chased after Kane to see how he held up.

After he woke up, he had had two back-to-back meetings at once.

"But first, I need to check up on how my family is doing."

WHOOSH!

He shot through the air at a remarkable speed until he eventually reached the Quarrier Village.

Thankfully, upon arrival, the mind sense of his Martial Mind told him that emotional energy was overall positive.

In other words, the war and the evacuation had not caused them too much anguish.

His arrival, however, had not gone unnoticed.

"…Look, it's big brother Rui!"

"He's come back!"

"Teach me how to walk in the sky too!"

The children of the little village grew excited at his return, swarming him. He had become a bit of a legend at the Quarrier Orphanage, inspiring many to follow in his steps to aspire to become a Martial Artist.

Most did not succeed, of course.

The Martial Union filtered out an overwhelming majority of aspirants simply with their rather difficult entrance exam. In hindsight, it was merely a filter to ensure that those without the mental, physical, and Martial aptitude. Too many people lacked one more of the three, which made investing in their potential to be a Martial Artist not worth it. The Martial Academies were too resource-intensive to justify giving access to them to anything other than the top one percent who were most likely to actually break through.

Of course, there were those among the Quarrier Orphanage who had indeed managed to break through and become Martial Artists. They were among the most eager to see Rui.

"Big brother Rui, teach me a technique!"

"If we all gang up on you, can we beat you?"

"What's the secret of the breakthrough to the Squire Realm?!"

"Alright, alright," he smiled wryly as he tried extricating himself from the crowd of children who'd surrounded him. "All in good time."

Perhaps it didn't hurt to indulge the kids in a sparring match every now and then.

"Big brother Rui, you're returned."

Max and Mana drew his attention.

The two of them had grown quite considerably as Martial Squires, having become high-grade Squires and reached a grade that was quite close to the peak of the Squire Realm. Perhaps anytime these days, he would be tasked with breaking them through to the Senior Realm.

Doing so would keep the Quarrier Orphanage a lot safer with the protection that they would be undoubtedly offering.

Regardless, he put the matter away as he returned home after what felt like a long time.

-



Chapter 2272: Perspective

﻿

"Did you experience any difficulty or troubles during the evacuation?" Rui found himself sitting before Alice, Julian and others of his generation in the Quarrier Orphanage.

Although he sought to treat everybody the same, he naturally was more attached to those members of the orphanage he had grown up with. The Quarrier Orphanage had grown so much in the past decade that he didn't know most of the new kids and the young adolescents personally.

Regardless, he treated them with love and affection.

It was his way of respecting his mother, who had done the same for him.

She was no longer here. Thus, he felt a sense of duty in ensuring that he did for others what she had done for him.

"No, we did not experience too many difficulties," Alice explained, drawing his attention. "The evacuation into the bunkers was executed quite smoothly, and we were safe and without any worries."

Rui heaved a soft sigh of relief. "Sounds like it was planned well enough."

He wasn't surprised, considering that it was his father who headed the project as a failsafe in case the war was lost and the enemies went too crazy in Kandrian territory.

"I heard we achieved an overwhelming victory." Julian smiled knowingly. "And that you played an outsized role in achieving this result."

The others looked at Rui in surprise, not having had access to the same intelligence sources that Julian did.

"Hahaha, as expected of our Rui, they never stood a chance."

"To think that you bring the Kandrian Empire war against another powerful nation..."

"...Have you recovered from your wounds, Rui?" Alice asked with concern. "Julian told us that you were under excellent care, but it must have been something serious for you to be in medical care for nearly a month."

Rui smiled. "Just time-consuming, not serious. I'm doing just fine, I promise."

He was probably underselling his condition had been, but it was more or less accurate.

"...Hm, if we won, does that mean the war is over then?" Farion wondered with a strange expression.

Rui shook his head with a soft sigh. "We won a battle. We didn't win the war. The war is still ongoing. But rest assured, we are in capable hands."

The more Rui learned of Emperor Rael's grand plan, the more he realized that he had underestimated his father's genius.

In the first place, the hurdles that they had to overcome were so great that if Rui had been emperor, he wouldn't have had the confidence that he would have been able to overcome them. It was difficult to parse a scenario where three nations were defeated by a single nation when all three were of roughly equal power.

Yet, as more of the grand plan of the Emperor of Harmony unfurled, plan after plan and strategy after strategy collectively painted the vision of the future where the Kandrian Empire could not only emerge victorious but also do so without being reduced to the brink of death in a horrific pyrrhic victory.

By exploiting the deep sense of self-preservation of the gerontocracy that occupied the Republic of Gorteau, he could manipulate them with longevity potions and cripple the nation with its own separation of powers and decentralization. By correctly deducing the Esoterist's hidden ambitions and agendas, he harnessed the Esocline Federation as a powerful ally to keep the Sekigahara Confederate in check.

At the very least, Rui didn't think he was capable of conceiving such an extraordinary tapestry of victory woven together by a myriad of threads of political, economic, and military strategy. It wasn't just a matter of raw cognition; Rael was gifted in many other areas that were important for leadership. In addition, three centuries of experience allowed him to reach a realm of political acumen that Rui could only wonder if anybody could actually rival.

It gave him a much greater sense of confidence that they could win this war without grave sacrifices.

"Why are we even in a war in the first place?" Farion grumbled. "Those Sekigaharans bastards just attacked us out of nowhere. We didn't even do anything to them!"

The others snorted in agreement, remarking about the bastards that the Sekigahara Confederate was.

"Those assholes don't even need any reason; they just attack without just cause!"Nôv(el)B\\jnn

"Still, we beat them black and blue. The Royal announcements said that we killed almost all the Masters. That must mean that our Martial Artists are ten times stronger than theirs." "Tsk tsk, imagine being so weak and still attacking us. Little assholes need to know their place."

Rui listened on with amusement as the armchair politicians that the men began offering their expert insights into the war. It also gave him perspective on how little awareness the average person had of politics.

The attack did not just come out of nowhere as it seemed to them; it was a result of them learning of the extent of the Kandrian Empire's treasures that served as the trigger into sparking a conflict that had been brewing in the Kandrian Empire for seven years ever since the Silas Clan, the first treasure, joined the Kandrian Empire.

The Silas Clan's prophecy was so precious that the entire world had hunted them for their power. So much so that even after gaining a Sage in the form of Matriarch Nephi, they still weren't strong enough to protect themselves.

Them joining Kandria and settling there had sent a shock across East Panama, marking the beginning of the beginning.

In other words, this had been coming for a long time.

However, unless one had this geopolitical context, one would only conclude that the attack came out of nowhere.

"Not only did it come from nowhere, it isn't just those savages from the Sekigahara Confederate. Didn't Gorteau declare war on us as well? Why us? What did we do?"

Rui suddenly found his tea to be quite interesting as he averted any eye contact.

Of course, Julian saw right through him, giving him a knowing smile.



Chapter 2273  Unshackled Doctor



Not only had he been working under the Divine Doctor, who was a national treasure by himself, but he also had worked on the alien lifeform, which was responsible for the manifold, another treasure of immeasurable value.

"Why didn't you tell them the truth?" Julian asked him after all the others returned to their busy day working at the orphanages.

"…What's the point?" Rui heaved a sigh. "It's not like they can do anything about the fact that three Sage-level powerhouses have joined hands to destroy the Kandrian Empire with extreme determination. It will just cause them stress."

"I suppose that's true."

He didn't want them to suffer anxiety over something entirely outside of their control. It was within his control; thus, all they needed to do was trust him to ensure that no harm would befall them.

"The Minister of Research and Development has recently implemented a directive from the Emperor of Harmony to focus on higher-end esoteric research and development for a variety of rare and scarce esoteric resources," Julian informed him. "Normally, we would never focus on the application of resources that we have little of and can obtain even less of, but recently, that has changed."

Rui knew what he was referring to.

"The Beast Domain harvesting."

With an abrupt spike in these high-end resources, there was a sudden need to get better at harnessing these powerful esoteric resources. In other words, the Kandrian Empire needed to shift the gears when it came to its research and development philosophy.

"The Kandrian Empire has signed several joint R&D endeavors with Esocline Federation," Julian further informed him. "There is no other organization in human civilization that is more qualified with esoteric technology than the Esocline Federation. Thus, I look forward to collaborating with them once I'm done with the project with the alien lifeform."

Rui raised an eyebrow at the news.

There were plenty of minutiae of his father's political strategies that Rui was unaware of as a result of having voluntarily divested himself from the politics of the Kandrian Empire.

However, it made sense for him to collaborate more extensively with the Esocline Federation when he thought about it. If they already were military allies, then collaborating on R&D was hardly unwarranted. n/ô/vel/b//jn dot c//om

"That's good," Rui nodded. "If we can improve our long-range siege weapons, then they can serve as a much stronger protector of the Kandrian Empire when the second assault unto Kandria comes."

Apocalypse-class siege weapons were too inflexible to be taken away from their home nations and deployed elsewhere with ease.

These were highly delicate and demanding weapons that required immense care and attention almost around the clock due to the dangerous Sage-level esoteric substances they contained.

Deploying for international operations was possible, of course, but highly difficult and tedious.

For one, they required a lot of infrastructural support for their operation. One of the reasons that the Kandrian Empire border fort wall was as large as it was was to allow these powerful Sage-level weapons to be mounted upon the Kandrian border while having the infrastructural support to maintain their operation, such as its cooling systems and the manual oversight interface.

Thus, when the East Panamic Treaty Alliance finally decided to wage a second assault on the Kandrian Empire, they probably could not leverage their siege weapons in the attack. Thus, if the Kandrian Empire's esoteric siege technology grew enough before that time came, it could give them a crucial advantage.

"Also…" Rui perked up at some of his brother's words. "Did you say when you're done with the alien lifeform research project?"

"Well, yes. We have long achieved control over the manifold, so any research going into it at the moment is purely academic and scientific in nature," Julian threw a curious glance at him. "Really, I suspect that even the Divine Doctor will eventually get bored with it.  Yes, it is alien, but ultimately, it's one of the little lifeforms that we have limited ability to research upon in fear of damaging the specimen."

Rui's eyes narrowed at his brother's words.

The Divine Doctor getting bored of the specimen was not a good sign for them. One of the things that anchored him to the Kandrian Empire was his deep curiosity about the specimen. Ordinarily, research into an alien lifeform could keep any normal team of scientists invested for decades. There was so much unknown and so much more to learn about that one could spend their entire lives just barely making a dent into tapping into everything there was to be learned about.

Not the Divine Doctor.

He was too competent for his own good.

His genius intellect, vast insights, and experience with life itself allowed him to make far quicker progress in uncovering the secrets of the alien specimen.

Rui recalled that very early in his research into alien life, he had already modeled the anatomical structure of the creature and the microstructures underpinning its body. Not even Rui had realized that the alien lifeform was not comprised of countless cells, but rather, it was comprised of countless layers with a metabolic system that relied on osmosis of substances through pressure differentials that served as its circulatory system.

An enormous breakthrough that Divine Doctor had made very shortly after he began his research voyage.

Not even the alien lifeform could keep his interest forever.

Perhaps that was why he was so obsessed with healing the allegedly alive and ill Gaia. If the latter was true, then this case was one of the few cases that even someone of his caliber could not possibly be certain of solving.

"More importantly, if the Divine Doctor grows bored of it. Then, the only anchors keeping him where he was were the prophecy he was owed for healing the Emperor of Harmony. Or… me."

It did not bode well that they did not have a firm grip over him, considering how important he was to the Kandrian Empire.

"I'll need to speak to my father about this."

-



Chapter 2274  Sustained Lifespan



The two discussed many topics across several different domains. Rui would be lying if he said that one of the reasons that he enjoyed spending time in the Quarrier Orphanage was thanks to Julian.

While there were others that he cherished as his family, he didn't have too many things that he could talk to them about because they lacked the context to partake in the conversations that Rui would find interesting.

The same could not be said for Julian.

Not only did he possess a great knowledge of a large variety of topics, but he was exceptionally sharp and had always been a very bright child. Rui found that their conversations outlasted his ability to spend time with them.

"Ah, so His Majesty managed to cripple the Republic of Gorteau by bribing their congressmen and congresswomen with longevity potions. I suppose that makes sense. Why else would an entire half of a party be so averse to a clearly dire situation?" Julian mused, curious about the various things Rui had told about the war. "Speaking of longevity potions, I believe that I will be able to get my hands on one soon enough."

Rui's eyes lit up with ecstasy. "Nice! I knew you could do it."

Rui knew that he would be outliving his family by no small margin.

He had always known that, but he had especially come to experience it when his mother died a natural death during his escapades into the Beast Domain. Since then, the sordid thought lurked in the back of his mind.

He became extra-sensitive when he sensed the passage of time on the visages of his family members.

It was only a matter of time.

He was glad that at least one of his family would be remaining for much longer, especially one of his favorite family members.

"I have received recognition for my contributions to the research and development of the alien lifeform and the development of a stable control over the manifold through the alien lifeform." He smiled with a hint of pride. "It is only thanks that the Kandrian Empire managed to get its hands on one of the treasures that has caused the war that we have been hit with after all."

Rui nodded. "Your contributions are certainly immense just on the basis of that alone. On top of that, you've headed multiple teams and projects as well, haven't you? It would be foolish for them not to reward you for those services and contributions." Nôv(el)B\\jnn

While Rui certainly brought home the alien lifeform, mastering its manifold ability was certainly necessary for it to be of practical value. In that regard, the Divine Doctor and his own brother working under him were undoubtedly responsible for giving the Kandrian Empire that ability.

Rui was glad that his father clearly seemed to be pursuing a meritocratic approach to the allocation of longevity potions. He seemed to be intent on handing potions to those who had contributed to the Kandrian Empire the most and were able to contribute the most.

In that regard, he was sure that the Gatekeeper had also received a new influx of longevity potions for his prior contributions in the form of physical evolution techniques and training methodologies.

"That's good. Not only does it reward those who have earned them, but it also ensures that they'll be able to aid the Kandrian Empire rise beyond its limits in these trying times," Rui noted. "I do look forward to chatting with you for another century."

Julian nodded with a smile silently.

In truth, he wouldn't have been so eager to prolong his life if he didn't have Rui to spend it with. It was only because he was assured that he would have at least one of his old family members in the long run that he didn't think too badly of the option. Especially when it was Rui, of all people, someone he enjoyed spending time with.

Unlike Rui, who had spent many years away from the orphanage in his pursuit of his Martial Path, Julian had spent his entire life at the Quarrier Orphanage. He was much more viscerally aware of the fact that prolonging his life meant outliving all the people he loved and cared about.

It was much harder for him to accept and represented a much greater shock in his day-to-day life. Although he would loved to pursue the sciences, he did not want to do so in a world where he didn't have anybody to share his accomplishments and advancements with.

That was where Rui came in.

Julian was glad that Rui was most certainly going to be around for a very long time, having not only been a Master but also having consumed longevity potions quite early on in his life.

"I'm rather surprised you are able to consume longevity potions or become a Martial Artist, knowing that you'll outlive everyone you love," Julian confessed. "I don't know if I could handle that alone."

Rui stirred at his words, heaving a sigh. "…There are things that I must accomplish, and it's extremely difficult to do so in a single lifespan."

Julian directed a knowing look at Rui.

He had long known about Rui's ambition when it came to his Martial Path.

Project Water, he called it.

For as long as Julian could even remember, Rui had harbored this ambition. He had harbored the ambition even in the earliest stages of his Martial Artist career.

Julian could not help but wonder what that was all about. It was just as strange as how Rui had displayed a kind of desperation to become a Martial Artist from the very second he had seen one at an extremely young age.

These oddities, by themselves, did not necessarily mean anything. But when one zoomed out and looked at it collectively, it made him wonder how someone with Rui even came to be the way he was.

Regardless, Julian looked forward to another century of stimulating conversation with his brother.



Chapter 2275: Visit to the Past

﻿

It wasn't long before Rui took off from the Quarrier Orphanage, heading away. As much time as he would like to spend with his family, he had other people he needed to speak with.

WHOOSH

He shot through the sky, running at incredible speeds through the skies of Kandria. One thing that he needed to do immediately was check up on his Master friends and make sure that they were okay.

He felt guilty that it had been a month since the battle with the Sekigahara Confederate, and he still didn't know if all of them had made it through. Of course, he was implicitly certain since he would have received some message on the matter.

He didn't blame them for not showing up for him when he woke up in the medical ward of Kandrian medical ward out of some expectation that they should have shown up. He was not a prince who needed to be coddled.

He was a prince, of course.

Just one that needed to be coddled when Masters had many important matters to tend to.

Ever since the war officially broke out. Masters had ceased international activity and spent more time in the Kandrian Empire.

Outside of the highly lucrative Beast Domain missions, it was not worth it to leave the Kandrian Empire behind in the middle of a war in what was shaping up to be the greatest war in the history of the Age of Martial Art. Manning the borders, reinforcing strong alliances, intelligence operations, and strategic deterrence. There was no end to the kinds of operations that the Masters could undertake to aid the Kandrian Empire's strategic outlook.

Rui had no doubt that all of them were busy undertaking such duties and roles in the war against the East Panamic Treaty Alliance.

One thing that did reduce the burden that Masters would experience in the war was the death of a hundred and nine Sekigaharan Masters. Their deaths reduced the enemy-to-friendly Master ratio significantly.

Although they still had more Masters in total, even after all of Rael's strategies to cripple their power, it was nowhere enough to decisively overwhelm them with a horrifically pyrrhic victory where there were no winners and only losers.

"It makes the war for allies that much more important, too." Rui realized. "Looks like I cannot delay my decision for too long."

STEP

He eventually arrived at the Town of Hrava, where the Longranger Sect was based. An enormous Martial Pavilion stretched out, accommodating many target ranges and a variety of other training resources for long-range offensive techniques. Within its walls, Rui could sense a large number of Martial Artists and aspiring Martial Artists training vigorously, no doubt in higher intensity due to the jolting inception of the war.

"Your Highness."

The Senior-level guards outside of the pavilion bowed to the Master and prince.

"I'm here to see Ceeran, may I?"

"Of course, Your Highness, we have received special instructions from his Mastery to allow you in as though you were our own."

Rui smiled as they opened the massive gates to let him in; it wasn't long before Master Ceeran arrived, having learned of Rui's visit.

"Rui! You're back!" His ecstatic grin was infectious. "We were really afraid after the first ten days, but I'm glad you woke up. I heard that there were no complications regarding your recovery."

"Yeah, thankfully, it wasn't anything severe or critical; my brain just needed some extra rest to recover from the extra strain," Rui reassured him.

Those words understated the issue by a bit, earning a frown. "I won't blame you since I understand why you did it, and the end outcome was better than anything we could have ever hoped for. Still, be careful. Don't ever do it again."

Rui nodded. "I don't intend to put myself in that position ever again. If not for Kane, I would have never done that."

Master Ceeran nodded. "Good. I'm glad you took the time to come here and visit me. I would have come to you myself, but..."

He heaved a sigh.

"Are you in the middle of training?" Rui raised an eyebrow.

Master Ceeran nodded. "My power is far too insufficient. For the past year inside the manifold, I've been developing a new technique that will allow me to hold off against other Masters and even win. I cannot let myself be so vulnerable ever again."

The battle with the Sekigaharan Confederate had been a bit of a wake-up call for the Masters of Kandria.

For the first time in what was probably decades, they felt what it was like to be vulnerable in a perilous situation where they could be felled at any moment and be entirely powerless to stop

it.

If there was one thing that the Sekigaharan Masters were far superior to the Kandrian Masters at, it would be war preparedness. They were fully accustomed to the perils of war that could reduce even mighty Masters to background victims.

While the fact that they won ensured that the Kandrian Masters didn't let it dampen morale, many of them realized that they had been far too overconfident in their status as Masters.

In that battle, they felt exactly what a common foot soldier felt in war.

Perhaps they felt it even more strongly.

After all, Masters were essentially invincible in day-to-day human civilization. They were at the top of the food chain in an overwhelming majority of the Human Domain, after all. They were deeply unaccustomed to feeling vulnerable when Sages weren't around. Thus, a lot of Kandrian Masters had found themselves more lacking than they'd like to admit. Thankfully, they took the hint with grace and immediately worked on shoring up their shortcomings. Ordinarily, it was too late to make up for one's weaknesses after the war began, but thanks to the manifold, each month that passed on the outside world gave them a little over a year to make up for their weaknesses in combat.

"I've even been contemplating going back to Vilun Island to visit the G'ak'arkan Tribe to gain some inspiration from their unique techniques," Master Ceeran remarked. "The Martial Union is considering garnering their Martial capital to aid us in the war; perhaps I shall pay them a visit then."n/ô/vel/b//jn dot c//om



Chapter 2276  Quickie



Rui's eyebrows furrowed as his eyes lit up at the mention of the G'ak'arkan Tribe. It had been a while since the topic had earned his attention. However, the fact that Master Ceeran had mentioned that the Martial Union was considering enlisting their Martial power in a war of this scale could only mean…

"They… got a Master?" Rui's eyes widened.

Master Ceeran glanced at Rui with a quizzical look. "I suppose you haven't really been following up on their development after we left the island."

"…Not at all, actually, I didn't really have the opportunity to. After we returned, I trained for the Shionel Dungeon and only returned to the Kandrian Empire after, I believe, eight years after having been chased out of the Shionel Confederation by Chairman Deacon."

He didn't have the time to care about the tribe when he spent most of his time getting stronger so that he could kill Chairman Deacon.

"Ah yes, you did go through all that immediately after your return home from Vilun Island." Master Ceeran recollected memories of old. "They happened so long ago that it feels it was part of a different era. Regardless, let me fill you up. About a decade after we left, Senior K'Mala broke through to the Master Realm."

Rui's eyes lit up with surprise. "But I believe that Vilun Island had never even gotten close to having any of their Martial Seniors to Masters."

"That's true," Master Ceeran nodded. "The concept of systems of thought and Martial Minds did not even exist on Vilun Island. They had no idea that the Upper Realms even existed. According to our analysts, it was extremely unlikely that they would ever break through to the Master Realm."

"Then…"

"We also believe that you were the one who changed their fates and set them on the path to the Higher Realms that previously eluded them." Master Ceeran smiled. "I can attest to that since the same thing had happened to me as well."

Rui had a feeling it was that.

He remembered his time in Vilun Island quite well, even if it had been a long time since he thought about it. He recalled how he traded his Pathfinder technique for some of their most powerful techniques that had gone on to become a mainstay in his Martial Art, increasing his combat power considerably. Things like Might Roar Flash Blast and the successive Transverse Resonance had saved his life many times.

The Pathfinder was a thought technique, however.

At the time, he had no idea what that meant, but now that he was a Master and understood the criteria to breakthrough into the Master Realm better than anybody else, he understood in hindsight that he had come to set a chain reaction of events that had caused the Vilun Island to eventually reach the Master Realm organically.

"Interesting…" He murmured. "So she reached the Master Realm. I suppose that means…"

A smile appeared on his face. "…A student of mine reached the Master Ream." n/ô/vel/b//in dot c//om

"Aha, yes, I suppose that is true, in an unexpected way."

Rui had taught her mathematics and some physics necessary for the Pathfinder technique. She was technically his student in that regard.

"So, now that the Martial Union has decided to enlist Masters and Sages into their war effort, it has decided to do so with the G'ak'arkan Tribe with K'Mala, is it?" Rui pondered with interest. "That's quite fascinating. I suppose it is a good thing that our diplomatic mission back then was a success. It has come to be of much use in these trying times."

Master Ceeran nodded. "We need every Master we can get our hands on. Otherwise, this war is going to be so bloody that not a single person will be left standing by the time the war is over. I need more power, and the inventive techniques of the G'ak'arkan Tribe that have improved in conjugation with ours might serve as useful inspiration for improving my power. I realized just how weak I was in the heat of that battle and that I could not afford to step into another battle without being stronger than I am right now."

"…Hm, are you also planning to go as a part of the Martial Union's war enlisting mission?"

"Yes," Master Ceeran nodded. "If I'm going there, I might as well go and complete some important work for the war. After all, the reason that we haven't already recruited her is because we need to send a Master to gain her respect."

"I see…" Rui fell into thought. "I have a proposal."

Master Ceeran turned towards him with an intrigued look. "Are you interested in coming?"

Rui nodded. "I have a rapport with her. We had a really good relationship all those years ago, and she most likely feels a lot of gratitude towards me for helping her break through to the Master Realm. With those two, I am pretty sure I can convince her to aid our war efforts within a single day of negotiations."

"A single day is remarkably quick. I suppose you plan on treating this as a quick errand to do before you move on to more serious diplomatic efforts?" Master Ceeran raised an eyebrow. "The Kandrian Empire cannot afford to waste your diplomatic efforts for a single Master."

Rui was the ideal diplomat, considering his Martial power and political power, as well as his proficiency and experience with diplomacy.

"It won't take too long," Rui reassured him. "I just want to see how the seed of thought I planted in her many years has evolved. I wonder what she has done with the Pathfinder technique after all this time and how strong she is. If she's too weak, then it might not be worth bringing her in."

Rui looked forward to going to one of the more interesting endeavors in his life and seeing how things had changed since he last knew them. Hopefully, he could also return to the Kandrian Empire with another Master in addition to satisfying his Martial curiosity.

-



Chapter 2277  Dying to the Sage Realm



"Well, when do you want to leave?" Master Ceeran raised an eyebrow. "In three days," Rui calmly replied. "You haven't prepared…" Master Ceeran stared at him with a strange expression. "Don't you, you know, need to prepare and gain authorizatio—"

He paused as he remembered who he was talking to.

Perhaps an ordinary Master couldn't arbitrarily take over a diplomatic mission and do as they pleased, but Rui was different. He had enough clout within the Martial Union to get away with that.

"Alright." Master Ceeran heaved a sigh. "I didn't expect you to be so decisive in your decision to come."

Rui shrugged. "It's a whim."

"You've never struck me as the whimsical type."

Rui couldn't deny that. "I've been trying to pay attention to my… emotions. I normally would have charted what I would consider the most optimal time spent for the Kandrian Empire's probability of victory. However…"

Master Ceeran understood his motivations. "You're trying to speed up the discovery of your Martial Soul, aren't you?"

Rui nodded, heaving a sigh.

He would be lying if he said that he wasn't desperate.

"I don't think such methods will be of help," Master Ceeran remarked with a wistful tone. "Your rationality is a part of you. Trying to put it away is not getting closer to your inner self."

Rui stirred at his words, falling into thought. "Maybe not. I don't know; I feel like going the regular route is going to take too long. My journey to the Sage Realm is arduous and long as it is. I'm not content spending decades or centuries in the Master Realm until I finally break through to the Sage Realm."

As a Martial Artist who had progressed through his Martial Path at an absurdly high rate, he was far too impatient to wait out the long periods of time that were merely average for breaking through to the Sage Realm.

He refused to spend more time in the Master Realm than his entire career as a Martial Artist put together. His refusal was to the extent that he was willing to try all kinds of solutions that could potentially accelerate his progress.

He especially did not want to burn away his entire youthful vitality in his climb to the Sage Realm. "You're impatient," Master Ceeran noted. "Patience is a fundamental necessity for all those who yearn to travel their Martial Paths. It takes a long time to make progress. Do you see other Masters fretting in a hurried manner about their progress to a Higher Realm? No, because we have lived a long time, and we know that progress will take even longer. In your case…"

His eyes fixed themselves on Rui. "You haven't lived very long and certainly haven't been a Martial Artist for very long. This may very well be the first true wall you've ever hit in your entire life. And to think it would be the Sage Realm. If I didn't  know otherwise, I would scoff and say that it's impossible."

Rui knew that he was impatient because his progress to a Higher Realm had been unimpeded until the Divine Doctor identified the nature of his 'reincarnation' and left him in an identity crisis that constantly loomed deep beneath the surface.

That was precisely why he was being impatient.

He did not want to live that anymore.

He had tried the dream technique that he had gotten in the Panamic Martial Federation. But aside from that, he didn't have any other way to make progress to a Higher Realm, barring the standard of cultivating more power and individuality.

Master Ceeran sighed, sensing his unwillingness. "Well, there is one way you could try. Though it is a way that most Martial Masters do not dare try."

Rui raised an eyebrow. "Which is…?" n/o/vel/b//in dot c//om

"Death."

Rui's eyes widened with surprise.

"Or dying, I suppose," Master Ceeran mused. "Dying teaches you more about yourself than almost any other experience."

Rui frowned. "I haven't heard of that, not from others nor from the Panamic Martial Federation."

"That's because they do not encourage it. Or rather, they outright discourage it," Master Ceeran informed Rui. "And for good reasons, too. Masters die too frequently and in vain when trying out this method. After all, the process of dying naturally leads to death. What does the progress to the Sage Realm matter if you're too dead for it to matter?"

Rui understood why it was discouraged. He also understood why those Martial Masters who sought to eventually reach the Sage Realm did not go for this method.

There was too much stake.

These distinguished Masters had spent centuries of time and effort reaching the Master Realm and their current station in life. They were not inclined to risk it all for a highly dangerous and unlikely means of learning more about one's self.

"Dying…" he whispered.

He knew what that felt like.

Or, at the very least, he had inherited the memories of a man who had died.

"Death is peace."

At the very least, that was how he thought about it. It was the only state of existence where one did not need to suffer the pain of life outside of sleep.

"Are you sure that dying can help me reach the Sage Realm?" Rui asked with a strange light in his eyes.

"It can, but you need to undertake great personal risk and suffer harm that you might not fully recover from. It is said that this was how the Martial Primordial first broke through to the Sage Realm a long time ago. He was ambushed by a powerful beast while immersed in himself, meditating. Caught off-guard, he was wounded critically, and it was said that at the very cusp of death, he attained the enlightenment of self and managed to ward away death," Master Ceeran told Rui. "The Panamic Martial Federation and other organizations decided not to promote dying as a method because that would weaken Martial Art too much. I, too, heard of this from my sect leader. A first-generation Master."

-



Chapter 2278: Considerations

﻿

A new milestone had been reached when it came to the long list of crazy things that Rui was willing to do for the sake of Project Water.

Dying for the sake of reaching a new Realm of power.

Even by Rui's standards, this was up there.

He had to admit, however, that he was attracted by the possibilities.

Just by the principle of the power of sacrifice, he knew that if it succeeded, it would potentially cut down what was bound to be a multi-century time frame to a more palatable

one.

In other words, it was perhaps the only thing capable of giving him exactly what he wanted, exactly when he wanted.

Rather convenient.

Rui glanced at Master Ceeran suspiciously.

There was no way he didn't know what he was doing by telling Rui about this crucial information.

"Don't look at me like that. I'm not telling you to die. You don't see me doing it, do you?" He scoffed. "I have worked too damn hard to reach the position and status that I currently have. On top of that, I look forward to the future and the rest of my life. Especially if the Kandrian Empire wins the war, the future is extremely bright and prosperous. Under these conditions, I'm not desperate enough to reach the Sage Realm that I will severely risk this life to reach it." This was the line of thought of most Masters.

"But, I had a feeling that you might show interest in it." Master Ceeran turned to him with a knowing expression. "Your desire to reach the Sage Realm feels very different from your desire to reach the Master Realm before you broke through. I don't know what happened to you in the Beast Domain, but it has made you deeply desperate to reach the Sage Realm."

He was right.

Having known Rui for a long time, he had learned to read him well. He could tell what made him tick. Ever since Rui had broken through to the Master Realm, Master Ceeran sensed a lost emptiness that sometimes showed itself.

It was often buried under the endless drive that Rui seemed to have for his so-called Project Water, yet there were times it came out.

It exceeded Master Ceeran's ability to understand, yet he understood that Rui needed to get to the Sage Realm no matter what.n/o/vel/b//in dot c//om

"I still wouldn't do it. Dying, that is. I wouldn't even recommend it, if I'm being particularly honest. There's nothing wrong with spending more time in the Master Realm if you ask me. But, it ultimately boils down to you. It is your choice," he calmly told Rui.

Rui fell into deep thought at his words.

He was right.

It was his choice what he wanted to do with that information.

"And before you try to get any smart ideas, don't even think of trying to game the system." He chuckled knowingly. "Having the Divine Doctor on standby completely defeats the purpose of dying. You know you're not going to die with such arrangements; thus, there is no effect since your brain is aware that it isn't truly going to die. It doesn't enter the heightened and unique state of activity that dying causes. Hypnosis has also yet to yield any promising results since it doesn't target the sum totality of the mind, just the subconscious mind. The Martial Union and the Panamic Martial Federation have already tried exploiting such loopholes."

"Tsk," Rui tutted with visible displeasure. "So I have to genuinely approach death itself." "Yes. That is the only way to accelerate your progress beyond the norm."

"Hm..." Hearing Master Ceeran tell him that hypnosis couldn't serve as a shortcut reminded Rui of Master Zeamer.

He recalled how the powerful Martial Master had employed an extraordinary grade-ten hypnotic attack that convinced the subconscious that the person was dead, leading to the halting of several life-sustaining processes such as breathing and heartbeat and even neural activity itself.

The issue was that if he tried subjecting himself to that in an effort to reach the Sage Realm, he would die far too quickly to make anything of it. When he came extremely close to death in his battle against Master Uma, he had gained some deep insights into himself, but the plummet to death had been far too quick to squeeze more insight from it.

He needed to be sensible with how he would go about it if he did decide to go through with this admittedly insane strategy.

"I'll need to think about it," Rui admitted. "I'd rather not lose this life."

It had been a dream for the most part.

He had finally achieved a once-dead dream of being a Martial Artist and had made much progress in that regard and was on track to achieving Project Water as long as he just stayed alive for long enough.

He mulled over the things he had just learned.

Master Ceeran's revelations were not light.

They weighed upon Rui as he considered what he was to do with that information and how it was going to change his path to the Sage Realm. Whatever he chose to do with that information would define the rest of his life. If he chose to utilize it to accelerate to the Sage Realm, then he would die, and that would be the end of his story. Or, he would be able to achieve the Sage Realm in a much shorter time frame.

If he chose not to act on the information he received, then he would be a Master for a long time.

Regardless of what path he chose to go down, it would leave a mark on the rest of his life. "I... need time to think."

"Of course, it is best you don't rely merely on your whims and fancies for this particular decision. It is a little more important than the matter regarding the enlistment of Master

K'Mala."

Rui was aware of that. It was far too important, not to mention difficult and complicated, to not dedicate an immense amount of thought to it.

"Maybe I should consult other people on the matter as well. It can't hurt to get more opinions and viewpoints on the matter."



Chapter 2279: Interrupted Travel

﻿

Eventually, he departed from the Long-ranging Sect after conversing with Master Ceeran. He also confirmed that none of his friends had perished in the Master-level battle.

Apparently, Master Guren and Master Vericita had been critically wounded but had been given critical aid and treatment just in time to ensure that they had completely recovered. The rest of them had suffered the average injuries that one would expect.

However, there had been casualties.

Master Krakule, who had challenged Rui to a spar when he was a Senior after inviting him to join the Randal Faction, had regrettably died.

While Rui did not like him very much, he had stood guard to protect the orphanage for a period after he promised Rui anything in return for breaking his word to not use his Martial Mind in the battle. Additionally, he was cognizant of the loss it represented to the Kandrian Empire.

Several others that Rui had a passing acquaintanceship with had also passed away.

It made Rui nervous for the people he cared about in future battles, but there was nothing that could be done about it. All Martial Artists pursued their Martial Path with full awareness that it was a treacherous path, and they had accepted the possibility that they would die in battle.

Perhaps that was why Masters did not seek dying as a means to reach the Sage Realm.

Even without such absurd risks, being an active Master was already risky and dangerous enough. It would become astronomically more dangerous and risky if they pursued dying as a means to gain the enlightenment of self.

Regardless, Rui was glad that nobody he cared about had died.

"Alright, next stop... Kane."

He headed to the manifold where Kane was training.

Ever since the battle had concluded, Kane had been familiarizing himself with the Master Realm, working on increasing the synergy between his Martial Art and his newly discovered Martial Mind.

It was usually the first step that Martial Masters took when they reached the Master Realm.n/o/vel/b//in dot c//om

Given that he was in the manifold, it was understandable that he hadn't heard about Rui's recovery.

However, it appeared that his meeting with Kane was going to be postponed due to some partially foreseen interruptions.

WHOOSH!!!

Rui's head shifted out of the way as his Heart and Mind activated in an emergency, allowing him to evade a Master level sound bullet that threatened to blow his head to smithereens.

He had just avoided death.

His head turned slowly as he pinned his gaze on the direction that sound bullet came from. "Nice try, but you failed." Rui's body surged with power as a flash of bloodlust erupted in the depths of his dark eyes. "And now..."

Chilling peril emerged from him, boiling the air tumultuously.

"...time for you to face the consequences."

WHOOOSH!

Rui shot in the direction of the assailant.

He could sense the distant man's fear even as he frantically escaped, trying to get as far away from Rui as fast as he could.

"I'm afraid not," Rui growled as he shot forward with Gale Force Breathing and Outer Convergence.

Unfortunately for him, the assassin was faster.

The hooded assailant activated numerous speed, agility, and maneuvering-oriented techniques, pushing his expanded mental capacity to the absolute limit, shooting off even further away and increasing the great distance between them even more.

"Tsk," Rui tutted as his assailant slowly began escaping the edge of his senses. "Another area where I'm equally deficient in compared to the average Master."

Experience and active technique accumulation were two areas in which Masters held a large advantage. The Martial Mind increased the limit of the number of techniques that could be actively used at any point in time, and Masters made full use of this by creating many techniques over a long period of time to saturate their mental capacity and make the most of

it.

Rui focused more on quality than quantity these days with long-term considerations, but it was moments like this that made him reconsider that decision.

Regardless, it was exceedingly clear that the assassin had come fully prepared to outrun Rui upon failing the assassination.

Rui considered activating Neo Godspeed but...

"This could be a trap." He narrowed his eyes.

It was possible that he was luring Rui to an ambush with the intention of bleeding both their stamina under the pretense of desperately trying to escape him.

If he was going to be jumped by a solid group of Master-level assassins, then he knew that he would need his stamina to overcome all of them.

They were screwed anyway once the Martial Union began investigating them and finding them. But Rui had no intention of letting the Martial Union deal with his would-be killers.

"They're mine." He surged forward, shooting off at incredible speeds.

Eventually, he found himself running into the Town of Narfinius, a bustling commercial town with a large and dense population that was constantly in flux across the nation. A trade hub not unlike the Town of Hajin.

"Little rat." Rui snorted as his senses washed over the entire town.

He couldn't find him.

He knew that his target was hiding somewhere in this town, hiding his aura and mind to blend with the immense population.

It was a good strategy.

Martial Artists, in general, were limited in what they could do in such a dense population.

It was why military strategy in war was focused on not letting enemy Masters enter one's territory. The capacity for harm was too great.

Had it been any other Master chasing him, this would have been game over. The assassin hadn't won, but he hadn't lost either. Anybody else in Rui's place would have had no choice

but to give up on finding the assassin.

However, not Rui.

A single whisper escaped him.

"Angel of Laplace."

He bent heaven and earth to protect the lesser beings below from the weight of his Martial Embodiment as an ocean of information flooded his mind.

The world came undone as the past prostrated itself before him.



