Chapter 1911 Choice

﻿﻿Yet, timing Kane's strikes was not what Rui's mind was consumed with. Deep within his mind, the brand-new SOUL System had already begun kicking into action, with Kane in a semi-consciousness trance.

He could not contain the excitement from springing up on his face.

At that moment, he was no different from a child unwrapping a long-awaited Christmas present and playing with it for the first time.

Kane's subconscious non-verbal communication had grown deeper and more personalized than ever before. It conveyed a story, but Rui was unable to read it, for he didn't know the language.

For now.

The SOUL System raced into action as Rui began memorizing every detail of Kane's non-verbal communication, swiftly categorizing and tagging each data point.

BOOM!

CRACK!

Even as Rui's bone cracked, he never once let Kane out of his focus. Missing even a single dataset of subconscious non-verbal communication could be a blunder. All he needed to do was weather out Kane's onslaught with Flux Earther, Adamant Reforging, Inner Divergence, and Acute Edge, along with extraordinary timing thanks to the predictive model giving him a major heads-up about precisely when and where an attack was going to land.

In addition, the Metabody System was working at full power, with Weaving Blood and Nemean Blossom at fifty percent power each.

Meanwhile, Temporal Disharmony shackled the worst of Kane's greatest strength.

All these powerful systems and techniques worked hand-in-hand to help Rui against the power of the Martial Heart.Thê sourc𝗲 of this conte/nt n/o/v/(𝒆l)bi((n))

And against all odds, they succeeded.

BOOM!!!

A colossal blow crashed into Rui's guard.

CRACK!

Only a single bone cracked this time, healing quickly while Rui dispersed the rest of the power to the worlds beneath his feet.

"Tsk." Kane grew frustrated at how absurdly difficult it was to put Rui down!

He had mostly suggested this battle as a joke. He hadn't expected that Rui would take the suggestion seriously.

Even before the battle began, he had expected that it would end with a single strike from him. He had known that Rui's Martial Body would crumble like a sand rock if subjected to the power of the Martial Heart.

Or so he had thought.

POW POW POW!!

Rui's speed was so underwhelming in comparison that he could barely shift inches in the time that Kane moved entire feet, yet his movements were extraordinarily well-timed and placed, allowing him to perform his coping defensive maneuvers splendidly.

Yet, nothing could last forever.

CRACK CRACK CRACK!!

Rui's expression grew severe as his arm broke in several places, growing visibly deformed. Kane rushed in, cautiously seizing the opportunity.

BAM BAM BAM!!!

He blasted Rui with a flurry of recurring blows, battering Rui's guard over and over before launching a powerful kick into him.

BOOM!!!

The kick launched Rui far into the distance. In just a moment, he had already reached the other end of the Hroul Mountain Range.

Weaving Blood healed his arms as a final act before it finally died, shutting off. The Metabody System had reached its limit, having valiantly served him across the entire fight, separating him from instant defeat.

And now, it was done.

Yet, the same could not be said for Kane.

"GG."

He appeared behind Rui, a powerful blow surging forward to end the battle.

WHOOSH

Yet the blow crashed into an empty image.

Kane's eyes widened with realization.

It was a feint.

BOOM!

A thundering impact permeated through his entire body from his blind spot, pushing him back.

"You…" Kane stared at Rui in shock.

A profound flush of peril radiated from deep within Rui.

It washed over the Valley of Prisms, drawing out raw, primal fear from deep within the guts of its inhabitants.

It made Kane's skin crawl.

It was difficult to parse.

Here he was, armed with the full power of the Martial Heart. However, despite not possessing it, asuffocating aura of power radiated from Rui as if he had.

"Hmmm…" Rui glanced at his hand, turning back to his best friend.

A single remark escaped him.

"I think I can see your soul."

A nervous grin appeared on Kane's face. "That's the corniest thing I've ever heard."

Rui smirked. "I couldn't resist."

"Oh yeah? Resist this."

Kane flashed forward, appearing before him at blinding speeds as a flurry of blows surged forward towards Rui.

Rui's movements were slow.

They were relaxed.

He moved like he was sauntering in a garden.

He moved like he had no care in this world.

Yet, not a single attack touched him.

WHOOSH WHOOSH WHOOSH!

Kane gritted his teeth in frustration as each attack crashed into a whole slew of empty images. Rui executed the Phantom Step technique with accuracy within a microsecond and micrometer of absolute perfection.

He could not so much as see Kane's blindingly fast movements, let alone react to them.

But he didn't need to.

He reacted to the future.

He reacted to the SOUL.

WHOOSH!

He stepped back mildly, evading a powerful blow by inches, even as Kane had already launched a new onslaught of flashing blows.

Yet, not even they could reach Rui.

BOOM!

Kane gritted his teeth as a thundering impact crashed into his gut before he even realized it!

"Hyah!" A powerful, blindingly fast kick swerved in Rui's direction.

Yet, Rui was already gone.

WHOOSH

It crashed into an empty image.

Yet another feint.

Kane stiffened as a variety of images of Rui spread across the battlefield.

"Misdirection and feinting, two schools of deception," Rui's voice echoed throughout the battlefield. "These techniques do not require speed, power, or durability. No, the most important trait for these techniques is…"

The images disappeared as Rui appeared before Kane.

"…timing."

BAM!

A thundering kick crashed into Kane's solar plexus. The full power of Outer Convergence, Fire Breathing, and Gale Force Breathing supplied the Flowing Canon with immense power. Yet, it was the Reverberating Lance that allowed the impact to permeate past the reinforcements of the Martial Heart, inflicting damage.

"Rgh!" Kane grimaced, leaping away with shock. "But how?!"

Rui smiled, gazing at Kane.

A single remark escaped his mouth.

"I resign."

-



Chapter 1912  Averted Disaster



The VOID algorithm told him the future of his physicality.

The SOUL System showed him the future by intentionality.

Together, his intrinsic familiarity with Kane, his situational awareness of their environment, and, most importantly, the two systems of thought allowed him to see an unfathomable depth into the future.

Not just one step into the future.

Not even two steps.

No.

He could see the future of the entire battle unfold. Th.ê most uptod/at𝓮 n𝒐vels a/re published on n(0)velbj)n(.)c/o/m

As well as its outcome.

He made a decision on the spot.

"I resign." Rui smiled, raising his hands.

"Huh?" Kane tilted his head in confusion. "Are you sure?"

"Yep, I'm certain," Rui heaved a sigh. "It's taking a toll on my body. I need to stock up on nutrition and energy since the Metabody System drained it all. At this rate, I'll lose because my body is simply failing. I have gained a good understanding of my new power, so there is no need to see this through."

Kane looked dissatisfied with that. "Why not just see the battle to the end?"

"We're in the Beast Domain, Kane," Rui's voice grew serious. "We need to keep our guards up and not unnecessarily waste energy. Carelessness is death in the Beast Domain."

Kane nodded apologetically, switching his Martial Heart off. "You're right, my bad. Good spar."

Rui nodded, chatting with him. Inwardly, he reviewed the foreseen fight. The future that he had just averted, he increasingly dominated the fight until, eventually, catastrophe struck.

The battle would have ended with Rui shattering Kane's Martial Path.

It was a horrific outcome that Rui would never allow to unfold. Doing that was no different from stabbing his friend in the back to kill him. Although it was possible for Rui to maneuver the battle in a way that avoided that situation, he decided it was not worth the risk.

With this, he had gauged a good intuitive understanding of how strong he had become. Of course, his predictive model with Kane was the strongest by far. This meant that he probably could not replicate such an astonishing result against any other Martial Senior. At least, not until he mastered the Angel of Laplace and his new SOUL System.

However, he had confirmed that the two systems of thought could allow him to bridge physical gaps so great that his opponent was invisibly fast to him and bone-shatteringly strong.

It was truly incredible to see what the kind of outcomes that thought could yield. Simply greater accuracy in timing and placement could bring about tremendous results, especially when he had techniques that worked better with timing and placement.

Phantom Step and Flux Earther were decent before he adapted. But once he adapted, they suddenly became astronomically more powerful, reaching grade nine, sometimes even grade ten, in terms of their defensive and maneuvering yields.

If Rui knew exactly how a person was going to move and exactly what their subconscious intentions were, it became significantly easier to execute the perfectly crafted feint at the ideal moment to completely bypass their awareness.

It was almost magical.

Flux Earther knowing the exact trajectory of the incoming attack allowed him to align the axis of his body in precisely the right way to maximize the smoothness of energy dispersal.

It was unfortunate that he didn't have an equivalent timing and accuracy-based technique for offense. Most of his offensive and power-based techniques, be it Reverberating Lance, Outer Convergence, Fire Breathing, and others, were static. This meant that even as his precision and accuracy of timing and placement rose, thanks to his systems of thought, his offense did not change all that much.

In fact, that was one of the reasons that Rui would have gone on to break Kane's Martial Path in the future of the battle. He lacked the offensive to do any real, meaningful damage to Kane. Breaking Kane's Martial Path inadvertently became a likely result. Had he had an offensive technique that grew significantly more effective with greater precision and accuracy, he would have been able to end the spar with a victory before it reached such a grave end.

But alas, he didn't have what he didn't have.

It was another thing that he placed on his list of ideas to be explored in the future. Having a powerful offensive technique was just as important as having a powerful maneuvering and defensive technique. Still, he would be lying if he claimed he wasn't deeply pleased with the spar against Kane. To any other Martial Senior, fighting another of their peer without their Martial Heart was absolutely suicidal. It was something that simply could not be accomplished by the conventional school of thought. The Martial Heart was too powerful.

Yet Rui had accomplished it anyway. He was probably part of a very few extraordinarily elite Martial Seniors that could have feasibly done so.

The first Martial Senior that came to mind was the Gatekeeper with his titanic physical prowess. Rui didn't think Kane could possibly beat the Gatekeeper under the same conditions that he fought against Rui.

'Also, Ieyasu.' He wondered how strong the man had gotten in the near-five years since they had last met. There was no doubt that he had grown massively stronger since his battle with Rui. The only reason that Rui won their previous fight was because he had a higher affinity to the Master Realm than Ieyasu. The man needed more time to make any progress with the Martial Mind, which caused their fight to fall mildly in Rui's favor, allowing him to edge out a victory against his sole equal rival.

However, Rui knew better than to read too deeply into his victory. Ieyasu's Martial Path had elevated to a higher level after he integrated thought into it.

He shook his head, returning to the present. There was no time to spend daydreaming about what-ifs. He had spent a year and a half in pursuit of Project Telepath. Now, it was time to get back to work and find the Divine Doctor.

--



Chapter 1913  Spontaneous Refinement



Rui took several minutes to consume a rejuvenation potion and a healing potion, returning him back to his peak shortly.

"Is it time?" Kane glanced at the herds of catoblepas in the distance, stretching beyond the eye could see in the Valley of Prisms.

"It's time." Rui narrowed his eyes. Without further ado, he activated a breathing technique, bending heaven and earth to his will as he levitated a herd of catoblepas to him.

"MOOOOOEEEAAAAUUUU!"

The catoblepas complained as they struggled to resist Rui's power. Yet, their paltry resistance was in vain, not even denting Rui's ironclad hold over them. They had grown less wary of Rui and Kane in the past year and a half, causing this to take them by surprise.

Yet, before they could even register Rui, a world of darkness had already encompassed all their senses.

Sleep. Rui conveyed to them after momentarily distracting them.

They entered a deep trance-like state, much deeper than the one Kane had been put in. Because the cognition gap between Rui and the catoblepas was so high, he could plant stronger suggestions in their subconscious mind.

Rui grew more intense.

This was it.

If this didn't work, he would have drastically cut down his chances for success.

He quickly conjured up a three-dimensional image of the Divine Doctor in his mind as detailed as he was able to, with the highest possible resolution, before embodying that image in his mind.

So much so that his subconscious mind, not knowing better, believed that he was the Divine Doctor or, at least, looked identical to him. Naturally, the subconscious non-verbal communication his body radiated also changed to communicate that image. Now, his entire body became a transmitter, almost as if each cell in him was its own pixel, conveying the information about the Divine Doctor's appearance in totality.

He took his time with the hypnosis, letting the image of the slowly yet firmly sink into the catoblepas. Finally, memories associated with the image that he conveyed erupted in their minds, causing them to relive the memories in very visceral daydreams.

The catoblepas immediately began thrashing as Rui put them on the ground, only ensuring they didn't move away. He didn't want his incapacitation over their bodies to potentially interfere with the recollection and conveyance of their memories.

Sure enough, their subconscious non-verbal communication began reflecting every detail of their memories, right down to every sound and color they had experienced.

BADUMP!

A rush of power flooded Rui's body as his perception of time slowed down immensely, allowing him to perceive and process information an order of magnitude greater than before

Now began the annoying part, but Rui's powerful mind kept track of hundreds of catoblepas simultaneously as he registered their subconscious non-verbal communication all at once. A massive flood of information rushed through his mind and Mind Palace, yet he firmly processed all of it through the data science protocols of the SOUL System.

Only after he formed SOUL models, as he had taken to calling them, on all of them could he then go on to actually read the memories of the catoblepas.

"Wait," Rui paused his non-verbal communication of the Divine Doctor's image. "This is inefficient."

The SOUL System was still an infant system of thought born half an hour ago. He had yet to figure out the best manner of applying it. The SOUL models created by the SOUL System were translation models that allowed Rui to read the individualized subconscious communication system.

Rui had executed the trance hypnosis such that it would cause them to convey memories and also intent. However, memories were associated with sensory data—things like colors, odors, sounds, textures, and tastes. "In order to form SOUL models to understand memories, I need to subject them to all these sensory stimuli to see the corresponding subconscious non-verbal communication," Rui realized.

Thus, if the catoblepas recalled memories of a blue sky, then Rui would not know unless he knew what communication was associated with the color blue.

"…Unless I show them the color blue and pay attention to the corresponding communication that comes in turn."

He had grown a bit too focused on the combat applications of the SOUL System during training. Which was understandable, given that he was a Martial Artist. But he needed to extract memories this time, not intent.

"The need for a clearer separation between the two has presented itself."

SOUL models in combat allowed Rui to interpret subconscious non-verbal language to understand intent.

SOUL models in this interrogation were meant to allow him to interpret the subconscious non-verbal language to understand the sensory data of the memories.

Thankfully, this realization led to a quick solution.

Rui spontaneously created a brand-new domain technique.

"Plurichroma."

He employed the extensive knowledge of impacting light through the atmosphere that he had gained in the past eighteen months. He wasn't really developing anything new.

A domain formed encompassing the entire herd. "What are you up to?" Kane frowned, confused.

"Just watch," Rui grinned, excited. Thê sourc𝗲 of this conte/nt n/o/v/(𝒆l)bi((n))

He altered the polarity and wavelength of light, causing the world around them to change into different shades of various colors.

Shades of red. It lingered, allowing Rui to observe and record exactly what communication was associated with the color red. He would recognize it the next time he saw it, allowing him to reconstruct it based on their communication.

Simultaneously, he partially activated Sonic Singularity, projecting the sound of a particular frequency. Just as with light, he intended to project all frequencies of sound to record the unique communication associated with each frequency. Thus, if he ever spotted any previously recorded communication, he would be able to look at the associated frequency and know what sound the catoblepas were hearing in their memories.

This was what SOUL models of memories ought to be: long registries of every wavelength of light and sound and their corresponding unique communication signatures. All so that if he ever saw one of those unique communication signatures, he could look at the corresponding.

It was a genius way of mapping the light and sound landscape of the subconscious mind!

--



Chapter 1914 Fear

﻿﻿Rui thoroughly used Plurichroma to understand how the catoblepas communicated different colors and sounds. He thoroughly covered all bases, taking his time with the various shades of each color.Thê sourc𝗲 of this conte/nt n/o/v/(𝒆l)bi((n))

He went even beyond the normal human range of visible light and audible sound, getting even more data and only stopping when the catoblepas could no longer sense the light and sound.

He was finally done.

He immediately returned to communicating the image of the Divine Doctor in his mind, embodying it once more as he deployed it through subconscious non-verbal communication.

Instantly, the non-verbal communication of the catoblepas shifted.

"MOOOEEEAAAUUU!"

They began thrashing and struggling in a futile attempt to run away, growing increasingly emotionally distressed.

Rui sharpened his eyes as he began processing the flood of information pouring from their subconscious non-verbal communication. The monster-cow cattle radiated a myriad of subconscious non-verbal data points corresponding to different sounds and colors each moment.

Each moment, he weaved together tapestries of sounds and colors corresponding to a single image of color and sound.

A single frame.

Image after image, frame after frame, he began constructing a temporally continuous series of images and sounds.

A video.

A video of none other than the man he had been searching for the entire time.

The catoblepas peacefully grazed on the nigh endless plains of grass that stretched as far as the eye could see in the Valley of Prisms. A cool breeze brushed past the entire valley as a layer of clouds shielded it from the harsh sun.

A serenity, unlike what one would expect from the Beast Domain, permeated the entire region.

It was a peaceful day.

That was until he appeared.

A strange attire, armed with belts featuring countless small instruments, tools, and artifacts, immediately drew the attention of those around him. It seemed to cover every inch of his bronze skin, leaving only his face exposed.

He was impossible to ignore.

Yet as eye-drawing as his attire was, it was his eyes that truly shackled one in their unfathomable depth.

A deep curiosity twinkled from deep within them.

It was an intensely inhuman curiosity. The same kind that a viper would show. Not even the slightest shred of compassion or empathy twinkled in his eyes. Yet, much to Rui's surprise, he could not detect any malice, either.

A small smile cracked at the edge of the Divine Doctor's mouth as he beheld the Valley of Prisms, slowly turning to the grazing herd of cows nearby. They didn't bother with him, having sensed that his physical threat-level was insignificant to them.

His smile deepened.

CLACK

He unfurled a pair of goggles with strange lenses, harnessing it to his eyes before correcting for the impaired vision of the Valley of Prisms and its distorting of light. He pulled out a second artifact, a gas mask, that he also put on.

"Commencing trial 1..." Gleeful interest flashed in his eyes as the gas mask distorted his voice. "Experiment to confirm the intensity of omni-derivative fear-hallucinogen deterrent."

Suddenly, Rui experienced a deep sense of fear gripping his heart. Yet, unlike last time, the fear wasn't his own.

It was the catoblepas' fear that they had experienced at the moment in the distant past.

"MOOOOOEEEAAAUUU!"

They began moving away from him.

But alas, it was too late.

FSSSSSSS!

Green gas expelled from the gas cylinders tucked at his side, spreading across the air at incredibly rapid paces.

Rui shook as his vision of the world shifted.

Or rather, the vision of the world in the memories of the catoblepas.

The bright blue sky turned a malevolent red in an instant. Clouds became smoke. The Sun shifted from a purveyor of life to one of death as its harsh fires spread across the sky and to the world around them.

It was a horrifying scene.

Especially if one believed it was real.

It had been so overwhelming that the catoblepas literally froze in horror, toppling over as their muscles spasmed.

The Divine Doctor walked over with his hands behind his back, observing the outcome with interest. In the visions of the catoblepas, however, his very being had shifted from a human to a literal physical monster, causing even more fear to grip at their hearts.

"Median timeframe for trauma-induced muscle-spasm: one- point-two seconds," the Divine Doctor remarked clinically. "Estimated intensity index as weighted for diffusion rate and molar density is four-point-three."

His expression fell ever so slightly.

A single remark escaped him.

"Suboptimal."

This was the sole shared memory that they had of the Divine Doctor as their individual memories of the man began diverging from this point forth.

The trauma had clearly stressed their brain as the memories beyond that point began to grow more distorted and broken. Clearly, despite their strong recollection of the Divine Doctor, the catoblepas had already begun subconsciously suppressing and forgetting the memories relating to him.

Visions of what may as well have been Armageddon tormented the catoblepas as the Divine Doctor continued testing his fear-hallucinogen on them for quite some time. He spoke to himself things Rui was unable to make out due to the distorted and broken memories regarding the man. For some reason, only the original memory of the Divine Doctor was completely intact.

Yet, what happened became evidently clear to Rui even from the broken memories of the herd of catoblepas.

The man was a maniac.

He went about his days spreading potent hallucinogens across the entirety of the Valley of Prisms. From species to species, plain to plain, and creature to creature, everything and everyone was reduced to a test subject to what appeared to be experiments to optimize his fear-hallucinogen.

So much so that Rui was undoubtedly certain that this was the cause of the mass displacement of the land-dwelling fauna of the Valley of Prisms, no creature was going to remain in a place where that made them experience heart-wrenching terror every second of every day.

Furthermore, it would explain why there was a mass emigration of fauna without any hint of environmental factors or outcomes as a result. The literal fear that the Divine Doctor had single-handedly spread was the sole reason that the demographics of an entire region had radically shifted!

--



Chapter 1915  Attempted Bio-engineering



A flood of information flushed through Rui's mind. Unfortunately, it became evidently clear that the catoblepas had already begun subconsciously erasing their memories entirely. Maybe they still remained untouched in a deeper part of the consciousness, but Rui had no idea how to access them.

After all, he was not a dedicated neurologist. His partial expertise in this field was limited to the foundation, which he needed to conduct more sophisticated research before he could apply

it to combat science.

A litany of broken memories in the form of shattered visions flashed through his mind as he collectively read through the minds of the catoblepas.

He came across even more interesting memories.

The Divine Doctor stood before a lush tree, studying it with an intrigued gaze. His eyes were fixed on the light distortion caused by the vegetation, leading to broken and mixed fragmented visions of the physical world around them.

A whisper escaped him as his eyes lit up with curiosity

"Interesting."

The memory cracked as Rui immediately jumped to another memory

FSSSSS!

The Divine Doctor flushed the catoblepas with another gas from one of his canisters, one that was different from the fear-hallucinogen that he had previously used. The catoblepas didn't physically move or react to it, yet they undoubtedly went through profound mental changes.

Changes that Rui recognized. Thê sourc𝗲 of this conte/nt n/o/v/(𝒆l)bi((n))

'That's a trance!' Rui exclaimed inwardly. 'It's a chemical-induced trance.'

It was definitely different from Martial hypnosis or even ordinary hypnosis. The Divine Doctor had no qualms with drugging the brain with some substance that could diminish the conscious mind or increase the prominence of the subconscious mind to put the animals in a trance-like state.

Rui watched, from the perspective of one particular catoblepa, how the Divine Doctor used trance-like states and Pavlovian reinforcement to train them to do his bidding. He watched with fascination as the Divine Doctor not only used them as test subjects for his fear-hallucinogen but also made good use of their manual labor, commanding them to fetch him vegetation.

This was where things got confusing. Rui frowned as he watched the man gather tons and tons of small plants, alive, extracted from the ground, experimenting around with them with his countless tools.

Of which Rui had to admit he was impressed by.

The man was even more prepared than Rui was!

Of course, as Martial Artists, Rui and Kane were much less needy. The Divine Doctor, however, appeared to be physiologically human. Rui knew that this wasn't his original body since the form of immortality that three keepers of immortality used was a soul-transferral from one body to another.

Maybe his body was enhanced in some ways?

"Maybe his body is that of a Martial Artist?" Rui narrowed his eyes. He didn't think so.

From the perspective of the catoblepas, the Divine Doctor didn't trigger any peril when not using his gas weapons. Of course, Rui was very well aware that a significant proportion of Martial Artists could hide their aura, but he didn't see any logical reason for the Divine Doctor to do so in this particular case because he clearly was not hiding or even attempting to hide.

It also begged the question as to whether it was possible to transfer the so-called 'soul' of a normal person into a Martial Artist.

Frankly, the very concept of soul transference did not please Rui. Back on Earth, the concept of the soul was regarded as highly unscientific, as not a single shred of evidence pointed to the existence of such a dimension of life. John was one of many people in the domain of science who disregarded any talks of it as religious mysticism.

He would have regarded the Beggar Sage with much harsher skepticism if not for the fact that he had an extraordinary piece of evidence: his reincarnation from one world to another.

He had to admit that it was enough to rock his worldview into taking claims about 'souls' seriously as he would any other scientific phenomenon.

"Huff… focus," he murmured to himself, shaking his head as he returned to scouring memories of the catoblepas.

In the broken memories, visions, and sounds that soon followed, the Divine Doctor began playing around with the vegetation of the Valley of Prisms. The images were so broken that it was not easy to make sense of them.

On top of that, it was difficult to catch what he spoke to himself. Rui was actually surprised that the original memory of his arrival was so well-preserved. It truly must have left a soul-wrenching brand on the catoblepas' minds for them to retain such a high quality of the memory while their later memories were being slowly suppressed and erased subconsciously.

He caught snippets of the man's words throughout the many memories that he scoured.

"This worl-"

"-issing stars-"

"-ble to locate the see-"

Unfortunately, he wasn't able to extract anything meaningful from those snippets of words. They were cut off or distorted beyond comprehension, reducing them to pure noise. The more time passed in their memories of the presence of the Divine Doctor in the region, the more it all began to become increasingly indistinguishable.

This was especially the case considering that their minds had been deeply afflicted with the psychological effects of being subjected to the many mind-impacting drugs that the Divine Doctor had been feeding them.

If not for the fact that their bodies and physiologies were innately within the Apprentice Realm, making them quite tough and able to withstand things that would kill the average man, physically or mentally, there would be no catoblepas for Rui to experiment on

"Woah…" Rui's eyes widened as the details of the memories began shifting to reveal a new garb underneath the Divine Doctor's coat.

The garb was made out of the leaves of the vegetation native to the Valley of Prisms.

What surprised him was that the plants were not stripped and dried to be used as fiber for the cloth.

No.

They were still alive!

Somehow, the Divine Doctor kept them alive despite having plucked them from their trees and stems.

Yet that wasn't the most surprising thing of all.

He sprayed a strange gas on the cloth made of living vegetation, causing him to become completely invisible!

--



Chapter 1916  Harnessing Invisibility



The most surprising thing was that, upon donning the cloth made of living vegetation, he became partially invisible!

"What?!" Rui exclaimed as he went through the memories of the catoblepas.

It turned out that the Divine Doctor had been working on employing the optical density manipulation of the living vegetation and integrating it into his cloth. He then used it to manipulate light to warp around him. Rui didn't even know that that was possible at all.

In fact, he was relatively confident that that was certainly impossible for any ordinary botanist on Gaia. It was especially impossible given that the Divine Doctor did this inside the Beast Domain!

Not just anywhere in the Beast Domain, but in the Valley of Prisms, an area where normal human beings would be absolutely unable to navigate and would lose their minds due to the broken vision of the region.

Yet not only did the Divine Doctor not let it stop him, but he also integrated the vegetation into his attire while keeping it alive such that it would continue its function and make him invisible.

It was a ridiculous feat of bio-engineering.

It was clear that he was dissatisfied with the result of the living cloth—since it did not fully turn him invisible—for he immediately began working on another one.

Rui was beginning to understand what his overall purpose for visiting the Valley of Prisms was.

His goal was to create or refine solutions that would help him deeper into the Beast Domain.

That was why he rigorously tested his fear-hallucinogen and his trance-inducing drugs and was trying to create an invisibility suit from materials that could warp light.

It was understandable why he did these things.

How else was an ordinary human supposed to survive in the Beast Domain?

Rui wondered why he didn't hire a powerful Martial Artist, but, alas, for whatever reason, it was clear that the man was journeying alone.

"Maybe he came to the Valley of Prisms specifically for the strange light-warping effect of the flora of this region," Rui realized. "It would make sense if he believed that he could harness it."

Rui returned to scouring through memories.

As time passed, Rui could see, despite the broken memories, that the man was constantly improving and refining his makeshift bio-engineering project as he grew increasingly invisible and harder to perceive.

It was rather surprising that a doctor who was supposed to specialize in medicine could be so incredibly resourceful in bio-engineering as to harness the biological capabilities of plants in such an extraordinary manner. His background was not supposed to facilitate such a feat.

"Remarkable," Rui could not help but admit.

It spoke to the sheer knowledge and expertise that the Divine Doctor had. Just from this alone—even without knowing his identity—Rui could naturally conclude that he was probably leagues ahead of any medical practitioner on the Panama Continent.

Amidst the many noises that came from broken speech in broken memories, he managed to catch several coherent remarks.

"…Manageable sustenance requirements…"

"…Satisfactory optical outcome…"

"Need more fear," he murmured to himself.

Soon enough, the memories of the Divine Doctor simultaneously stopped. He was no longer seen in any of their memories. As a result of no longer being subjected to a fear-hallucinogen and trance-induction drugs, the animals of the Valley of Prisms finally regained autonomy.

The first thing every single creature did when they regained their autonomy was to run away. Almost immediately, an enormous mass exodus from the Valley of Prisms began. Predators ran alongside prey as each creature had but one single desire: get the hell away from the Valley of Prisms!

Months of being subjected to hellish terror and horror born from the fear-hallucinogen and being turned into slaves of the Divine Doctor had been a gut-wrenchingly horrifying experience that would remain with them forever, but what they feared more was that it would return once more, prompting them to leave.

On top of that, the air of the Valley of Prisms was tainted with the enormous amounts of drug gases that the Divine Doctor had released.

Rui found it almost absurd. How much gas in stock did this man have? How could reserves of hallucinogenic gases last for months on end? How could he alter the air of an entire region with just two canisters worth of gas?

None of it made sense. It appeared that the Divine Doctor defied logic in every sense of the word.

"Huff…" Rui heaved a sigh, dropping the herd of catoblepas on the ground, breaking their trance, and then letting them go. "Well?" Kane yawned, asking with mild interest.

"The Divine Doctor is definitely a madman," Rui muttered as his eyes swam around in thought. "Who would use others as test subjects for their own crazy experiments?!"

Kane stared at him wordlessly.

"However, I think I might have gotten a clue to his next location," Rui told Kane, turning to him. "Oh? What is it?" Thê sourc𝗲 of this conte/nt n/o/v/(𝒆l)bi((n))

"…He came here to refine his Beast Domain solutions," Rui continued. "Among the things I heard him say was 'not enough fear.'"

Kane frowned. "Not enough fear?"

"It's in reference to the fear-hallucinogen that he was testing out on all the creatures of the Beast Domain," Rui informed him. "I'm guessing that he was not satisfied with his 'omni-derivative' fear-hallucinogen's impact."

From what Rui could tell, it had been extremely effective, yet it was clear the Divine Doctor had higher standards. Perhaps it was because he felt less secure since he could much more easily die than Rui ever would.

Especially after his most recent boost in power.

"Omni-derivative…?" Kane tilted his head with confusion, staring at Rui.

"It means deriving everything or derived from everything depending on the context," Rui clarified. "Though, in this case, the latter might make more sense."

It would explain how the Divine Doctor seemed to have an endless supply of such gases and how he could pollute an enormous region like the Valley of Prisms with it.

—



Chapter 1917 Need More Fear

﻿﻿After all, it would mean that the Divine Doctor could cook up a fear-hallucinogen from just about any organic matter.

"That's a bit of a stretch, but… not impossible." Rui tutted uncertainly. "But regardless, he said it was not enough."

Rui narrowed his eyes. "It stands to reason that if it's not enough, he'd want to get more."

"…Yeah, I guess that makes sense."

"In which case, I think I know where he went next."

"And where would that be?" Kane raised an eyebrow.

"The Forest of Fear," Rui replied with a hint of confidence.

There were three avenues that the Divine Doctor might have pursued. The Caves of Penance, the Forest of Fear, and the Sea of Solitude.

Rui previously had absolutely no inkling where the Divine Doctor might have gone based on the data of the Adventurer's Guild, but now he had a good idea.

"I think there's a very solid chance that he went to the Forest of Fear in order to make stronger fear-hallucinogens," Rui remarked. "After all, I already know that he is able to harness vegetation in pretty incredible feats of bio-engineering."

The Forest of Fear was a region with natural fear-hallucinogens. Its vegetation released substances that, when inhaled, triggered deep fear in a person. This was an evolutionary ability that highly predicted survival and reproduction, causing the species to thrive wildly.

The fauna of the region, in turn, had evolved such that they had almost no sense of natural fear. Their fear had returned to a normal level after being elevated by the flora of the region.

Thus, an extremely unique ecosystem was born in the Beast Domain that the Adventurer's Guild had taken to calling the Forest of Fear.

"If you're right," Kane said, turning to Rui. "Do you think he succeeded?"

"Yes, he definitely did." Rui nodded. "There's no doubt about that."

The three regions that were possible candidates for where the Divine Doctor had gone after the Valley of Prisms were considered candidates because each of them had had a major disruption in their ecological parameters not too long after the mass exodus of the Valley of Prisms.

Rui used to consider the Beggar Sage's advice of 'following the unique chaos' to find the Divine Doctor extremely dubious.

However, after going through the memories of the catoblepas, Rui had to agree that the Beggar Sage was truly accurate in the advice he gave on how Rui ought to track the Divine Doctor.

The man had single-handedly caused millions of animals to run away from the Valley of Prisms for a time period by mentally torturing them with horrifically induced fear and enslaving them.

It was chaotic and certainly unique.

However, what Rui was focused on was the disruption that had occurred in the Forest of Fear.

"The Adventurers' Guild records that for a certain time period, the vegetation of the Forest of Fear stopped releasing its fear-inducing gases into the air," Rui continued. "This got rid of any and all fear in the fauna of the region, causing them to go berserk and do things that no other creature with any sense of self-preservation would do."

"What does that have to do with the Divine Doctor?"

"I think he might have caused that ecological disruption," Rui remarked. "It makes sense. He probably went super overboard."

"And did what?" Kane furrowed his eyebrows. "Drain the entire forest of its fear juice to upgrade his fear-

hallucinogens?"

"I think so," Rui replied. "With such a powerful base, it probably allowed him to create extremely powerful fear-

hallucinogens that would probably satisfy even him. With that, he would be armed with the necessary tools to go even further into the Beast Domain without dying to powerful Squire-level and Senior-level creatures that would otherwise kill him with a blink of their eyes."

Rui was starting to understand why the man had come to the Valley of Prisms and gone through this specific route. He probably intended to extract resources along the way that would help him in the deeper and more dangerous parts of the Beast Domain.

"Well, I hope you're right."

Rui did too.

Whether he was right or wrong would decide whether it was worth spending eighteen months on Project Telepath instead of searching for more clues in other avenues. However, Rui did think that searching in any other direction would not have yielded anything even remotely close to the litany of information that he had from the memories of the catoblepas.

There was only one issue with this when it came to the Forest of Fear.

The fauna of the Forest of Fear had largely died off due to the lack of fear causing them to not fear death, which naturally led to their deaths.

The Beast Domain was too dangerous for any creature without a sense of self-preservation to survive.

"Unless they're the Divine Doctor, I suppose," Rui muttered.

As someone who was functionally immortal, the Divine Doctor probably had very little sense of self-preservation after all these years.VịSit no(v)3lb/!n(.)c𝒐m for new 𝒏ov𝒆l𝒔

Which didn't make too much sense to Rui, considering that the Beggar Sage had told Rui that he was not going to be functionally immortal and that he could still die. Yet his father and Sage Sayfeel had told him that the Divine Doctor had died many times and had been spotted alive sometime later in a different place as though he respawned to life at a pre-

designated save point like a video game character.

That suggested that the Divine Doctor's immortality was different from what the Beggar Sage was offering Rui.

This was even more weird because the Beggar Sage's words made it clear that they were the same.

Rui was unable to understand the contradiction. But, alas, he didn't have the answer. Clearly, the immortality that the Divine Doctor had was one of the reasons he was confident of walking into the most perilous part of the Panama Continent all by himself.

Rui shook his head. "Let's go, we're done with this place.

--



Chapter 1918  Anything is Possible



The moment Rui found a solid clue as to where the Divine Doctor had gone after the Valley of Prisms, he no longer had any need to remain in the region.

"Goodbye, Valley of Prisms," Rui muttered. Goodbye catoblepas.

The latter didn't seem to quite understand what Rui conveyed; they simply scurried away from him in fear.

"Are you seriously bidding goodbye to a valley and a monster species?" Kane raised an eyebrow with an amused grin.

"Of course." Rui nodded seriously. "Had it not been for them, I would not only have not created the SOUL System, but I also would not have found clues to the Divine Doctor. So I am quite grateful to them."

"Uh huh, can we leave now?"

"Sure." Rui turned without a second glance. "Let's get going."

Rui took the lead as he plotted the way to the Forest of Fear based on the map of the Beast Domain he had memorized.

"The Forest of Fear is a Squire-level danger zone, right?"

"Yep." Rui nodded. "It's deeper in the Beast Domain, so it is much harder to survive in."

The Forest of Fear, unlike the Valley of Prisms, was not going to be a smooth sailing region for them.

"Our combat prowess is in the Senior Realm. However, that does not mean that we can afford to relax in the Valley of Prisms. The fact of the matter is that Martial Artists, more than anything else, rely on efficient and effective use of physicality to fight much stronger opponents than their physicality would normally allow," Rui explained.

It was the reason that Martial Apprentices were able to shatter boulders even though their bodies were that of normal human beings.

"That said, that cannot help us withstand the neurological fear-induction of the flora of the region," Rui replied. "After all, efficient and effective application of physical power is not going to increase your neurological fortitude."

"We have our Martial Hearts," Kane reminded him.

"That's true, but the Martial Hearts cannot be active round the clock." Rui shook his head. "In fact, even if it could, it's not worth it to waste such an energy-consumptive state on simply increasing neurological fortitude."

"So what are you suggesting?" Kane raised an eyebrow.

"I'm saying we need to withstand the fear-induction effect of the Forest of Fear without letting it affect our actions too much," Rui replied calmly.

"That sounds incredibly stressful, dude," Kane tiredly retorted.

"Did you expect the Beast Domain to be a stressless cakewalk?" Rui snorted.

The two of them shut up as they grew increasingly alert and aware of their surroundings and environment. The Valley of Prisms was a relatively harmless place. In some ways, it was a test. If Rui couldn't find information about the Divine Doctor in a harmless place, then he certainly wouldn't be able to do so in a more dangerous region.

The Forest of Fear was filled with Squire-level creatures and a few Senior-level creatures here and there.

That was enough to put the two of them on high alert. The Senior-level creatures were definitely capable of taking their lives. Thê sourc𝗲 of this conte/nt n/o/v/(𝒆l)bi((n))

Rui constantly needed to remind himself that the Beast Domain was not a tournament where the strongest individual would win. The Beast Domain was a marathon. One needed to last for extraordinarily long periods in a region that had grown extremely hostile to all life.

"The only way to win a fight is to avoid it."

In that regard, he and Kane had not been particularly good at winning. On top of that, the SOUL System made him far stronger than he had ever been, but it also came with the weakness that the VOID algorithm used to have before the Angel of Laplace.

It required time and information.

Unfortunately, the Angel of Laplace could not mitigate that shortcoming for the SOUL System the way it had for the pattern recognition system of the VOID algorithm. That was because the information that the SOUL System worked with could only come after the trance hypnosis that Rui put his opponent under. Thus, looking into the past, even if he could read non-verbal communication through the Angel of Laplace, was not going to help.

Fortunately, he had long grown used to the shortcoming of needing time for a system of thought to manifest fully. It was nothing new, and he was able to adjust to the shortcomings of the SOUL System pretty thoroughly.

Days passed as the two of them traveled at a remarkably high pace from the Valley of Prisms to the Forest of Fear. They cautiously passed through a variety of regions, each more bizarre and fantastical than the one before it.

They ran into regions where all matter had an extremely low Young's Modulus, a constant that decided how elastic a substance was. This made the land, every solid object, and every solid lifeform extremely elastic and bouncy.

Rui and Kane would be lying if they said they didn't have fun in this region, even if they were on the edge due to being in a Squire-level zone.

BOOM!

"Woah!" The two of them launched themselves nearly a hundred kilometers into the sky with a single jump as the entire region acted as a trampoline.

"I could do this all day!" Kane laughed.

Rui, on the other hand, kept a sharp eye out on their surroundings. There were plenty of bouncing living organisms that had evolved to live in this bouncy environment and were better at fighting than they were.

"Let's activate our stealth," Rui told Kane once he spotted a bunch of living balls that had mean looks in their eyes. "This isn't going to be easy."

WHOOSH

They disappeared into thin air as Rui activated the Greater Phantomind Void while Kane activated Void Step. The two misdirection-based stealth techniques fooled the creatures quite well as they quickly sky-walked away, eventually leaving the region.

"Crazy that such a place exists," Kane turned around once they returned to hard, solid ground.

"Anything is possible in the Beast Domain."

--



Chapter 1919  Fearful Resistance



Days passed as the two of them traveled through the region, heading towards the Forest of Fear.

The deeper they got into the Beast Domain, the harder it became to travel through.

The air grew denser.

The gravity grew higher.

Their speed reduced as each step grew just a little more difficult than before.

Rui hadn't noticed this before because they circled around the edges of the Beast Domain when traveling to the Valley of Prisms. In other words, he never traveled deeper into the Beast Domain during that time.

However, now that they were actively heading into the Beast Domain, both Rui and Kane could feel that the average harshness of the environment was rising, slowing them down.

Rui couldn't imagine how difficult it must be to travel in the inner half of the Beast Domain if they were already experiencing such a significant difference shortly after traveling deeper into the region.

He knew that, at some point, only Martial Seniors would be qualified to travel further, while Martial Squires would be unable to or have to persevere beyond a manageable degree.

Naturally, there probably was a point where not even the power of the Martial Heart would be able to protect them, leaving it such that only the Martial Masters would be able to traverse through the Beast Domain.

There probably was a boundary beyond which only Martial Sages would be able to travel.

He wondered if there was a region that only Martial Transcendents could enter.

If there was, it was probably such an unfathomably destructive region that being anywhere near it would erase Rui in the briefest of moments.

"Whatever, we don't have to deal with it, even if it exists."

Another thing he noticed was not just the Beast Domain's resistance to being traveled through, but also its resistance to the senses.

The deeper they traveled, the more their senses were hampered. The range of their sensory techniques was reduced bit by bit. The precision and detail of their sensory input were also reduced gradually as they went deeper into the Beast Domain.

Just a day of travel had reduced them by thirty percent.

It was no wonder that despite spending a thousand years in known human history, the depths of the Beast Domain were largely unknown. Considering the startling rate at which Rui and Kane found it harder to move and sense, how could one possibly map the entire area of the Beast Domain?

The total area of the Beast Domain greatly exceeded that of the total surface area of Earth.

Just how many Martial Masters and Martial Sages would be needed to map such an enormous area with such significant sensory resistance? How many of them would perish in the most dangerous parts of the Beast Domain?

Even if they could eventually map it by going at it continuously and relentlessly, was such a thing even practically feasible?

It wasn't.

That was why the Beast Domain remained largely a black box. If the price to map it was bleeding one's self, then it was a price that humanity was extremely unwilling to pay.

While Rui understood this, he was deeply displeased that it led to adventurers suffering greater danger and harm during their ventures in the Beast Domain. It wasn't fun when he was the one that needed to experience greater risk.

It also made the Divine Doctor's escapades into the Beast Domain that much more incomprehensible. Even if the man was confident in his resourcefulness, intelligence, and preparations, and even if he was unconcerned about death, this was truly an irrational decision.

Unfortunately, Rui needed to follow suit.

The closer they got to the Forest of Fear, the more their nerves tingled. Rui felt a strange sense of anxiety building up, drop by drop. Even though his sense of danger hadn't changed all too much, the fear he experienced grew disproportionately higher.

Ordinarily, that would be a cause for concern, but Rui had understood that it was a sign that they were reaching the Forest of Fear.

He also noticed that life began dimming the closer they got to the Forest of Fear. While the creatures that were native to the Forest of Fear had evolved with almost no sense of fear to live normally in the Forest of Fear, the same could not be said for creatures outside of the Beast Domain.

Thus, the presence of fauna plummeted in the vicinity of the Forest of Fear.

And Rui had experienced first-hand just why.

"Damn," Kane murmured nervously. "This is really freaky."

"Yeah…" Rui sharpened his gaze.

STEP

They arrived at a cliff that oversaw an enormous forest extending beyond the what the eye could see.

It was pitch black.

The vegetation, the soil, the bedrock.

All of it was pitch black.

It was as though they were beholding a deep abyss that swallowed all light.

"What the hell?" Kane frowned anxiously.

Rui heaved a sigh. "In we go."

"Seriously?"

Rui turned to him with a raised eyebrow. "Did you think we came here for sightseeing?"

"I mean, no, but look at that," Kane gestured to the forest. "That's a nightmare. If we go in, we're straight-up going to die."

"It's a Squire-level danger zone," Rui stared at him.

"It doesn't feel that way," Kane shrugged.

"That's because we are already under the influence of the fear-inducing vegetation," Rui replied. "It's not dangerous as long as we don't do something stupid. Let's go."

The two of them slowly declined from the cliff down to the forest. Yet the closer they got, the more their senses of fear were pricked at.

Rui had to admit that maybe Kane did have a point regarding this place. Ne/w novel chapt𝒆rs are p/u/blished on no/vel(/bin(.)c/o/m

"Alright, there are Senior-level creatures in this place," Rui told Kane in a soft whisper. "We can't be as relaxed as we were in the Valley of Prisms."

Not like they could relax even if they wanted to. The fear-inducing airborne substances in the air refused to let them!

--



Chapter 1920 Targeting The Strongest

﻿﻿"What's the game plan?" Kane asked him, glancing around nervously.

"We target groups of monsters or beasts one by one. Then, I scan their memories for the Divine Doctor," Rui replied. "We keep it low-profile, and we should be fine."

Because the region had beasts and animals that could threaten their lives, Rui wanted to be more clinical with how he approached the matter.

He would rather not be crude and haphazard like he was in the Valley of Prisms. This time, he intended to conduct surgical operations of memory scanning while drawing the least amount of attention to himself.

The two of them carefully navigated the Forest of Death. The absence of almost any other color, barring black, was unnerving. They drew so much attention by virtue of being extremely bright-colored in comparison that they activated their misdirection stealth techniques almost subconsciously.

It wasn't long before they arrived at several deer-like creatures grazing on black grass.

"Blackhinds," Rui whispered. "Good. They are docile and herbivorous beasts. On top of that, these are Squire-level. Let's go for them first."

He turned to Kane. "I need you to watch my back and keep an eye on our surroundings while I scan their memories."

Kane nodded as the two of them activated their Martial Hearts. Kane expanded his senses to the surroundings while Rui appeared before the blackhinds in the blink of an eye. Before they could even react—

Sleep.

The world went dark as Soul Void overtook their senses, leaving only Rui—who promptly misdirected them while planting suggestions in their subconscious mind—visible. Instantly, the conscious mind grew dimmer while the subconscious mind grew more active. Before they knew it, the blackhinds were in a semi-conscious state. Of course, Rui still needed to bind them with heaven-bending, for their cognitive capabilities had remained untouched, not reducing in the slightest. They still did everything they would have done otherwise: thrashing and resisting while bleating, except they did so semi-consciously rather than consciously.

While Kane kept a sharp eye on their surroundings for any threats, Rui got to work.

He conjured up the image of the Divine Doctor, now refined from the memories of the catoblepas, before conveying that image to the blackhinds.

Much to his surprise, they didn't react at all.

He showed it to them over and over again, yet they didn't so much as twitch in response.

The appearance of the Divine Doctor held no significance to them.

"Wait a minute," Rui's eyes widened with realization. "If almost all the creatures of the Forest of Fear died due to the fear of the forest being absent for some time, causing their fear to reduce to nothing, leading to their death, then…"

His expression grew grave. "All the animals who bore witness to the Divine Doctor are probably…"

They were probably dead.

While the Valley of Prisms had a myriad of animals that had very vivid memories of the Divine Doctor, the same could not be said for the Forest of Fear.

While the results of the Divine Doctor's disruption in the Valley of Prisms was solely a temporary exodus, the result of his interference in the Forest of Fear, however, was mass extinction.

In other words, an overwhelming majority of the sources of information that would tell Rui about the Divine Doctor were gone.

"…Does that mean we're screwed?" Kane asked with a severe tone.

"…Not necessarily, but our job has definitely become a lot harder than it was in the Valley of Prisms." Rui heaved a sigh. "We need to find creatures in this forest that survived the disappearance of the fear of the forest."

"How can we possibly do that?" Kane scratched his head. "There are millions of animals and beasts in this forest. "How can we possibly find the ones who survived the mass extinction caused by the Divine Doctor?"

Rui closed his eyes as his mind furiously processed all the information at hand. "We identify the traits that would predict survival in such a circumstance and then search for beasts with such traits. They are the ones that are the likeliest to have been able to survive the mass extinction."

Kane frowned. "And what traits are those?"

"…Fear is one," Rui remarked thoughtfully. "Any creature with a higher innate sense of fear would not have gone absolutely batshit insane leading to their deaths. So creatures that are more fearful than others would be far less likely to do the kind of things that got all the other creatures of the Beast Domain killed."

"Didn't you say that all the creatures of the Forest of Fear had evolved to have very little innate fear so that when it got amplified by the fear-inducing substances in the air, they would reach normal levels of fear?" Kane asked, even as he glanced around in fear.

"Yeah, so I think that we probably are not going to find any creature with an especially high sense of innate fear," Rui breathed deeply. "There is one other trait that could help us find who we are looking for."Thê sourc𝗲 of this conte/nt n/o/v/(𝒆l)bi((n))

"…Which is?"

"Power." Rui sharpened his eyes. "Even if they went crazy, stronger creatures are less likely to die as a result of their insanity."

After all, there were fewer things that could get a stronger creature killed. That meant that, even if it went crazy, the statistical probability that it would get itself killed was lower.

"That means your best bet for finding a survivor of the Divine Doctor's mass extinction event will be the strongest creatures of the Forest of Fear?" Kane asked as he gulped nervously.

"Correct."

"…But the strongest creatures in this forest are Senior-level, right?" His voice grew even more fearful.

"Correct." Rui's tone grew graver.

"Which means we'll have to pick a fight with Senior-level creatures?" Kane's breathing grew more unsteady as he began sweating more. "That's crazy!"

"Hey, calm down," Rui turned to him, shaking him. "That's just the forest messing with your mind with fear."

Rui found himself withstanding the effects extremely well in comparison. This was, no doubt, thanks to his evolved mind and evolved resistance to mental impact.

"We're going to have to hunt the Senior-level beasts of this forest and scan their memories after we suppress them."

-



