Chapter 1891 Careless Blunder

﻿﻿The journey from there on took even longer than Rui had speculated. The two of them ran into all manner of environments, topographies, and ecosystems that defied what they thought was possible.

While they managed to overcome them, there were more close shaves than Rui had expected.

The Beast Domain was truly unpredictable.

It had an absurd degree of diversity and variance, and the very concept of consistency was foreign to the entire region.

Regions changed drastically every hundred kilometers; there was absolutely no continuity like there was in the Human Domain, where weather and climate did not change more than several percentage points across a hundred kilometers.

Rui had a hard time understanding how a piping hot desert could co-exist with a blizzard next door. It violated the laws of thermodynamics, as far as he was aware.

He also belatedly realized that such phenomena required him to make adjustments to the Angel of Laplace for every given region. He needed to adjust its functions to cater to the given mechanics of a given region, or else the technique would yield errors.

It was annoying but, thankfully, not insurmountable or too time-consuming.

They always ensured that they slept in an Apprentice-level region. As Martial Seniors, the passive mental pressure and danger that they would radiate to Apprentice and Squire-level creatures would be enough to ensure that they would not bother or harass them in any way.

Squire-level regions, on the other hand, were regions that they chose to pass as quickly as possible. These regions were deemed Squire-level because one needed to be Squire-level to be guaranteed not to die at the hands of another creature or the environment. This usually meant that there were a handful of Senior-level creatures which meant that it was impossible for Rui and Kane to lower their guards.

Yet, despite all their precautions, it was impossible not to get hurt, whether it be in the times that they were unable to avoid combat or were subject to harsh environments that managed to harm them despite their power. Rui proved the degree of his preparation for the Beast Domain, whipping up solutions for just about everything including the one time Kane foolishly ate poisonous fruit.

"Bleugh…" Kane vomited his guts out in the distance after Rui gave him an antidote and medicine to make him puke out the poison.

"Damn…" Kane groaned after he was finally done. "That is the worst thing that I have ever experienced in my life."

Rui palmed his face. "Why on Earth would you put anything in the Beast Domain in your mouth?"

"That fruit looked hella tasty, bro. And I saw some monkeys eat it, too, so I figured it couldn't be that bad, right?"

"That's because they've evolved to be able to be immune to it!"

"Damn…"

Rui heaved an exasperated sigh. "Next time, run things by me. I have a toxinmeter artifact for precisely this purpose. I also have a de-esotericer artifact to make organic material with esoteric substances in it edible."

"Aren't our Martial Bodies able to digest and remove such substances from our body naturally?"

"Yes, but it will leave you incapacitated with illness as long as they're in your body. It's better to have the food properly handled before consuming it. It's also why I brought a huge supply of dense food pills for precisely this reason," Rui explained.

"I'm sick and tired of eating food pills!" Kane complained. "I want to eat some good meat, man."

"Don't be a baby."

"Also, we need to preserve our food pills, right? After all, if we run out of them in a region with nothing edible, then we're screwed! It's best we try and eat from nature, you know what I mean?"

He stared at Rui pleadingly.

Rui heaved a sigh before glancing around the region they were in.

Currently, they were in a Squire-level Region. It was an enormous region that spanned hundreds of kilometers in diameter. It was a strange region where a single species reigned supreme.

The king rabbit species. A carnivorous rabbit species that was characterized by large numbers from constant breeding and high fertility and a powerful adherence to hierarchy ingrained in their blood. The strongest rabbit took control of the entire colony of rabbits, leading hunting sprees that allowed them to gather enough food for the entire colony.Thê sourc𝗲 of this conte/nt n/o/v/(𝒆l)bi((n))

"If you want, we can hunt one of them," Rui gestured to a sea of black rabbits in the distance. "They're edible, and their meat is considered an exotic delicacy in gourmet cuisines of certain south Panamic cultures."

"Say no more!" Kane exclaimed.

"Wait," Rui stopped before he could rush to kill one of them. "The species is characterized by an extreme capacity for vengeance and a low survival instinct. Their senses of smell and ability to detect blood are also high. Pissing them off is only going to make them charge after us.

"So what? They're only Squire-level beasts."

"Who are led by a Senior-level monster," Rui added. "On top of that, what is the only way to win a battle in the Beast Domain?"

"…To avoid it," Kane heaved a sigh. "Alright, so what do you propose?"

"You have the right idea," Rui replied. "Hunt one of them with your stealth techniques and bring it back. Make sure that they are isolated from the colony."

"Gotcha. Bye!"

"Be careful," Rui warned him even as the man activated his Void Step technique and his Martial Heart, shooting away.

Rui heaved a sigh, taking a seat as he enjoyed the beautiful scenery of the region before him. He had to admit that traveling the Beast Domain was nothing short of a life-

changing experience. Previously, he had thought of the Human Domain as exotic by Earth's standards, at least.

However, it was paltry compared to the Beast Domain. Not even fiction could rival the miracles that he had beheld in the Beast Domain.

STEP

Kane appeared before him carrying the corpse of a black rabbit in his hands, deactivating his Martial Heart with a grin. "I got us lunch."

Rui's eyes widened with horror as he spotted blood dripping from the corpse at the spot where Kane had cut at the corpse.

"I told you that king rabbits can detect blood extremely well!"

Kane's expression grew grave. "Shit."

RUMBLE

The lands beneath them quivered as many, many thousands of rabbits moved, converging towards their position.

-



Chapter 1892 Clash

﻿﻿The two men immediately stood back to back, taking their stances as their senses detected an ocean of Squire-level rabbits converging towards their position.

"I swear to god, Kane," Rui grumbled. "You're going to be the death of me."

"Hehe," Kane smiled wryly. "Hey, at least I'd be going down with you. I'd argue that cancels out getting you killed."

"Your math is beyond my ability to comprehend."

Their words, light as they were, could not alleviate the tension in the air.

The Squire-level beasts were not inherently the problem. While it was true that there were more than Rui could even begin to count, it was also true that they were Squire-level. Rui could only hope that their Martial Hearts would last the entire battle.

The issue was…

BOOOM!!!!

A blindingly fast projectile crashed into the land before them.

The sheer weight of the collision shook the very lands around them. In just a moment, a crater spanning an entire village emerged.

A perilous Senior-level aura emerged from the newcomer who had emerged before them. The dust cleared, revealing a black rabbit with blood-red eyes. Its pupils fell on the king rabbit corpse that Kane had brought back from his hunt before slowly turning to the blood on Kane's blade.

Its inhuman pupils slowly shifted to Kane's eyes, staring him in the eye.

Kane maintained his composure even before the eerie alien-like creature focused on him. It was especially unnerving, because unlike many of the species that they had run into, this particular creature was undoubtedly intelligent.

Conscious thought flickered behind its eyes as it calmly evaluated the situation before it.

For a moment, nothing happened.

The world grew silent.

Silent as it awaited the rabbit king to make its decision.

"Chirrup."

Rui narrowed his eyes as Fauna Flow allowed him to understand the meaning of what was conveyed.

It had made a judgment.

Human.

"Chirrup." It narrowed its eyes. Rabbit Killer.

"Damn," Rui gritted his teeth.

An unfathomable and inhuman bloodlust erupted from it, crashing into every sentient lifeform in the vicinity.

"Chirrup."

Attack the rabbit killer.

"Watch out!" Rui narrowed his eyes as his Martial Art blazed into life.

RUMBLE!

Heaven and earth shook as countless rabbits leaped in the air, emerging from the woods and converging with them.

Yet, Rui's eyes were focused on the rabbit king.

One moment, it stood where it was.

The very next?

WHOOSH!

It had arrived before he could react.

SPLAT!

"Rgh!" Rui grimaced with pain as the rabbit's razor-sharp teeth tore a chunk of flesh from his abdomen.

Rui leaped away, narrowing his eyes with a severe expression as he activated Weaving Blood, quickly healing his wound on the spot. However, it undoubtedly reduced his stamina.

The rabbit prepared for another attack as Rui activated his Master-level Mind Mask. A powerful Master-level aura flooded the region.

It was to no avail.

The powerful determination of the rabbit king only grew due to this.VịSit no(v)3lb/!n(.)c𝒐m for new 𝒏ov𝒆l𝒔

STEP

The rabbit king's body pressed into the earth with titanic force. Its body squeezed and coiled up every single muscle, smoothly exerting a tremendous amount of force into the land beneath it.

Its physiology and anatomy had been built for a single purpose.

It was precisely for what it was about to do.

BOOOOOM!!!

The rabbit king pushed down with such an enormous force that a titanic wave of seismic radiation rocked the very lands around them!

RUMBLE!

The rabbit king leaped forward at blindingly high speeds.

But alas, Rui was not a man who made the same mistake twice.

BAM!!!

A titanic shockwave erupted from the collision as he evaded razor-sharp teeth while his elbow crashed into the rabbit king's torso.

The sum of their momentum coalesced in that collision. The rabbit had moved so fast that Rui could hardly see anything beyond a hazy blur. This linear speed had been the rabbit king's greatest strength. No Martial Senior it had run into before had been able to respond in time.

Not even Rui.

He responded ahead of time.

He attacked the future itself.

That was something no amount of speed could ever overcome.

Pure fury erupted in the rabbit king's eyes at the revelation of Rui's ability to combat it.

"You'll die."

Rui's cold voice cut through its aggression as he conveyed his message through non-verbal communication.

The rabbit king's eyes narrowed. "Chirrup."

Humans and their arrogance.

It no longer resorted to an ordinary bullrush, seeing how well Rui had managed to thwart it the second time. Instead, it activated an innate ability of the rabbit king species.

VMMMM!!!

Its powerful legs began vibrating so hard that they appeared to be in two different places simultaneously. These vibrations sent out an enormous amount of seismic radiation, causing land underground to be displaced. Rui's eyes widened as it began doing something similar to earth-bending.

RUMBLE!!

A tremendous amount of land erupted from deep within the earth.

In just a moment, several hills erupted around them, barricading Rui and the rabbit king alone, separated from Kane and the rest of the rabbits. It appeared that the moment the rabbit king focused on Rui, its subordinates left Rui alone with it, focusing on Kane instead.

It was dire, but Kane was well-suited for such a battle, and his Void Step technique was especially useful in such circumstances.

"Chirrup." The rabbit king glared at Rui.

Die, filthy human.

WHOOSH!

Rui's eyes widened as it disappeared before his eyes.

Images of the rabbit king flashed across the entire region barricaded by hills as the rabbit king effortlessly bounced around the battlefield locked by hills at tremendous speeds.

It essentially created an environment that gave it greater maneuverability.

Rui's expression grew grave as he immediately leaped to leave. But alas, the rabbit king had no intention of allowing him to.

BOOM!!!

"Rgh!" Rui partially dispelled the impact of the charge into the environment with Flux Earther. But the rabbit king successfully stopped him before continuing its zig-zagging.

STEP

"Fine," Rui growled. "I'll play your game and win."

-



Chapter 1893 Make Up

﻿﻿The rabbit king continued to gather even more speed as it grew faster and faster. Rui would be lying if he said he wasn't impressed by its sophisticated hunting style. In fact, if he hadn't known better, he would have suspected that it was a Martial Art technique.

However, he knew that it wasn't.

It was more so an evolutionary innate ability.

Their entire physiology and anatomy were structured in such a way that it lent itself to allowing them to make extremely efficient and effective applications of their power. At the moment, The rabbit was displaying efficiency of application of power similar to Rui's Outer Convergence.

The difference was that Rui's Outer Convergence was a set of coordinated movements, that he mastered within micrometers and microseconds of absolute accuracy, with timing and placement such that the sum total power generated by the body across the body could be redirected and leveraged in a single point or part.

The rabbit king accomplished something similar to that based purely on physiology and anatomy, limited only to jumping and vibrating purposes. That, combined with the fact that it had a body that was stronger than his despite being smaller due to the fact that it was a literal monster, meant that it could output devastating power and speed.

Unfortunately, its opponent was Rui Quarrier.

"Speed Void."

Instantly, Rui activated the Yggdrasil System, bending heaven and earth to change. To become hostile to speed itself.

The drag coefficient altered, becoming a dynamic variable such that the drag force would rise tetragonally relative to speed.

WHOOSH!

The rabbit king slowed midair as a huge burst of air exploded from it in resistance. The rabbit shook visibly, stunned by the fact that Rui somehow managed to steal its speed from it!

Yet that wasn't all.

"Temporal Disharmony." Rui glared into its eyes as he activated.

WHOOSH

Rui appeared before it in a flash.

BAM BAM BAM!!!

He pummeled the rabbit kind with a torrent of powerful blows. Behind each fist was the full power of Outer Convergence, Fire Breathing, and Reverberating Lance, unleashing devastating impacts upon the rabbit king.Thê sourc𝗲 of this conte/nt n/o/v/(𝒆l)bi((n))

Stripped of its speed, the rabbit king was almost crippled.

Rui knew that.

However, he had no intention of taking a safe and slow approach. It might be what he would have done in the Human Domain, but in the Beast Domain, such measures were too slow and energy-consuming.

BOOOOM!!!

He blasted the rabbit king's head with a powerful double-fist axe blow with the full power of Hypertrophic Surge.

CRACK!

The rabbit kind shivered as its pupils dilated and its eyes rolled upward.

A pool of black blood formed underneath its head as its body grew limp.

"Huff…" Rui heaved a sigh, deactivating all his techniques.

It was a powerful foe, one that had given Rui a decent challenge even if it could not bring out his full power. Of course, that did not reflect its power poorly, but it spoke more to just how strong Rui was currently.

Unless one was an absolute monster like Gatekeeper, defeating Rui while in the Senior Realm was an extremely difficult task. And even then, Rui had managed to overcome the Gatekeeper, even if extremely narrowly.

This battle once more reaffirmed his dominance in the Senior Realm. Yet, Rui knew that in the Beast Domain, power did not correlate with survival entirely. There were powerful, large beasts that made themselves prey with how much attention they drew to themselves such that even the smallest opportunity was exploited by everything to collectively bring it down.

WHOOSH

He immediately leaped away, returning to where Kane was. Thankfully, as he had predicted, Kane could handle the army of Squire-level creatures pretty well. They could not sense him so long as he used his Void Step technique. While his power was low, his twin daggers were more than strong enough to slice and dice through the king rabbits that tried attacking him.

"Help me out!" He complained. "These things are endless!"

It was difficult for him to evade them since they were omnidirectionally swarming him. There was no opening through which he could squeeze through to escape. The more he killed, the more they jumped in. If not for the fact that he killed dozens every second, they would have long swarmed him.

THWOOM!!!

Rui launched a powerful Might Roar Flash Blast, blasting a hole through the many that sought to overrun Kane through sheer numbers. Kane immediately exploited the opening to leap through and get away.

With Void Step, they couldn't even sense him.

"Thanks, man," he heaved a tired sigh. "I did not ever think that I would face that much trouble with Squire-level beasts."

"Quantity has a quality of its own," Rui replied. "Hundreds of thousands, if not millions, of low-grade Squire-level creatures, are not a Squire-level threat; they're Senior-level because they can drain the Martial Heart and mog you down when you're exhausted."

It was the biggest shortcoming of the Martial Heart and the Senior Realm. The two of them activated their respective stealth techniques, immediately moving away from the region.

"I didn't even get to try the meat," Kane grumbled.

Rui returned with the corpse of the rabbit king in the distance. "Well, this one had grown much stronger over time. Has higher nutritional value and was cleanly killed less than a minute ago, so…"

He shrugged. "Might as well. You've spilled so much blood that they won't be able to track us."

"Nice!" Kane grinned.

They stopped some distance away from the region before finally pausing to take a break. Rui heaved a sigh, drinking some water while Kane skinned the rabbit and drained the blood.

"This meat better be worth it, not gonna lie," Kane remarked as he roasted it over a fire.

"It wouldn't have needed to if someone had been so rash and careless," Rui glared at him. "This isn't a vacation. This is the Beast Domain."

To his credit, Kane relented. He knew he had messed up in his excitement.

"I'll make it up by roasting this rabbit immaculately," he promised.



Chapter 1894  Advantages of Humanity



He surprisingly lived up to his word. The odor of cooked meat was tantalizing, Rui had to agree.

"Mmmmm!" Kane nodded, evidently pleased, as he took a big bite. "That's that good stuff!"

Rui had to admit, it was worth it.

Food pills were not pleasant to consume. They usually had a disgusting or neutral taste at best. Having grown accustomed to that for over a month, the two of them had reset their food standards thoroughly. Even an unseasoned and bare-roasted rabbit was delicious.

"Huff…" Rui heaved a satisfied sigh when he was finally done. "The food was good since all it took was a relatively straightforward fight. But that's only because we're in a Squire-level danger zone."

His eyes narrowed. "But if this were a Senior-level danger zone, we'd be the ones getting fed on."

Kane winced. "Yeah, I'll remember that. It's crazy that the Beast Domain is considered a force that humanity can deal with when there are way more beasts and monsters of a certain realm of power."

Rui nodded. "It's the good old 'quality vs quantity'. A Martial Artist of a certain Realm is far stronger than a beast of that same Realm because of several reasons: we're more efficient and effective both mechanically and tactically or strategically."

It was similar to how humans used to successfully hunt mammoths back on Earth in the late Pleistocene age. They could bridge titanic gaps in power by simple, clever applications of power that made huge differences in the outcome.

"If beasts and monsters possessed the kind of strategic and tactical application of power that Martial Artists do, then humanity would be dead," Rui asserted.

"Aren't there beasts that are as intelligent as humans?" Kane raised an eyebrow.

"They comprise a minority of the beasts of the Beast Domain," Rui replied. "While they are more of a threat than the other beasts of the Beast Domain, their intelligence is limited to them. In addition, it's not just a matter of intelligence, but also rationality."

Kane nodded understandingly. "We're not nearly as subject to our impulses and instincts as beasts are."

"Exactly," Rui concurred. "It has to do with the ratio of size of the prefrontal cortex relative to the rest of the brain." Thê sourc𝗲 of this conte/nt n/o/v/(𝒆l)bi((n))

"…The what?"

"Oh, right, I'd forgotten that that wasn't discovered yet," Rui muttered. "Basically, the prefrontal cortex is a part of the brain that houses what we refer to as the consciousness. It is the core of the conscious mind and is the 'you' that is consciously making decisions. This region is largest in humans relative to the rest of the brain, meaning that conscious thought is a much more powerful force in humans than it is in any other species."

He turned to Kane. "For example, we humans are able to resist our impulses, resist our instincts, and resist urges. We engage in, relatively speaking, intelligent and logical thought and arrive at a decision based on that."

Kane raised an eyebrow skeptically. "I don't know if I would consider the vast majority of people intelligent and rational in their thoughts."

Rui smiled wryly. "It is fun to make fun of the irrationality and stupidity of the average human. However, even the average person is able to demonstrate greater rationality than most intelligent beasts and monsters. The average human possesses the ability to suppress impulses like hunger and thirst and avoid stealing food based on moral and consequential analyses. They are able to suppress sexual urges to avoid raping and are able to suppress violent urges to avoid killing based on similar analyses. That alone may be unprecedented in the history of this world."

Rui paused, chewing a chunk of rabbit meat. "Of course, we still have theft, murder, and rape, but even intelligent beasts and monsters are generally entirely unable to suppress those urges. When they want food, they eat. When they feel violent, they fight. When they're in heat, they mindlessly satisfy that urge."

He turned to Kane. "The reason that humanity has been able to build a sophisticated and powerful civilization that can single-handedly equal and even surpass the Beast Domain is not just because we are intelligent. Intelligence is not enough. It's because the disproportionately large prefrontal cortex allows our intelligence to override our urges, emotions, and instincts to a large degree. It allows us to be rational enough to engage in social contracts that aim to maximize well-being, the potential of resources, and the distribution of capital to supply to demand. It also allows us to create a framework that lets people pursue their paths to much greater degrees than if such a framework did not exist."

He returned to his rabbit meat. "That's why a weak and pitiful species like the human species came to be the most dominant species on the entire continent, able to single-handedly push back the rest of the biosphere of the Panamic Continent. It also applies to individual dynamics that despite possessing weak and lesser bodies, the Martial Path allows us to crush beasts and monsters by making the very best of the various Realms of potential in the human being on top of tactical and strategic superiority."

"It's crazy when you put it like that," Kane admitted.

"Still, that doesn't mean we can lower our guards. Tactics, strategies, and efficiency of application of resources are the only reasons that the average Martial Artist is vastly stronger than the average beast or monster," Rui replied, throwing a pointed stare at Kane. "Becoming so engrossed in your desire that you forgo those advantages would mean we lose those advantages, becoming no different from beasts and monsters."

Kane sheepishly raised his hands. "Alright, alright, you got me. I don't know if it's because we're in Apprentice-level or Squire-level zones, but it's hard to feel any sense of danger. Even those rabbits were aberrant. How can such a mindlessly aggressive species exist?!"

"I told you," Rui replied. "They're irrational due to a diminutive prefrontal cortex. You remember what the rabbit king did when I flexed a Master-level aura?"



Chapter 1895  Soon to Arrive



"It continued attacking even after you flexed a Master-level aura," Kane replied, recalling that moment. "That was such an absurd decision. It's a Senior-level beast. Any Martial Master would eradicate it effortlessly. I'm guessing that retarded decision is related to what you said earlier."

"Yep, like I said," Rui tapped its head. "It was intelligent but slave to its aggression. You're going to run into some more beasts like this that do utterly insane things. That's what animals do. That's why deterrence doesn't always work. I'm sure you noticed that in the past month and a half."

Kane nodded.

The two of them had run into all manners of beasts and animals in the past month and a half. Different species had different genetic temperamental traits that often overrode any and all rationality.

Of course, even Rui had to admit that the rabbit king was a special case. He did not expect a Senior-level beast to leap aggressively against someone it clearly perceived to be a Martial Master. It was the height of irrationality that overcame even self-preservation.

"Another reason that humanity is able to bully the Beast Domain is because, as much as we fight amongst ourselves, it does not even remotely compare to the internal conflict between monsters of the Beast Domain. They view each other with as much hostility as they do humans," Rui replied. "If they were united then…"

"Another reason that humanity is able to bully the Beast Domain is because, as much as we fight amongst ourselves, it does not even remotely compare to the internal conflict between monsters of the Beast Domain. They view each other with as much hostility as they do humans," Rui replied. "If they were united then…"

He narrowed his eyes. "That would be a hellish situation for humanity."

"Meh, that's never going to happen as long as they continue to have territorial disputes," Kane replied. "Right?"

"Maybe…" Rui considered his question. "The issue is that humans are responsible for the continuous increase in territorial disputes. Though most lack the intelligence to learn that. That's why I'm not particularly concerned. A unity amongst the beasts of the Beast Domain is basically impossible, as far as I am concerned. I'm just hoping we don't run into intelligent beasts and monsters in the Beast Domain while we travel to the Valley of Prisms."

Kane nodded. "Speaking of which, how far are we from that place?"

Rui was the navigator between the two of them. On top of that, he was the only one with a map stored in his Mind Palace that he could access mentally.

"About a day or so," Rui replied. "We've covered most of the distance to the Valley of Prisms in the past month or so."

Rui was glad that he was finally nearing the first place that the Divine Doctor had visited in the Beast Domain. Th.ê most uptod/at𝓮 n𝒐vels a/re published on n(0)velbj)n(.)c/o/m

"Honestly, the more time we spent in the Beast Domain, the more I'm shocked that the Divine Doctor managed to survive in the Beast Domain all by himself," Kane remarked.

"He's an extreme example of what I mentioned earlier, though I don't know if he can be considered particularly rational. He is extremely intelligent and extremely knowledgeable. He uses his knowledge to survive in places that ordinary humans have absolutely no business surviving in," Rui continued. "Frankly, I would be lying if I said I wasn't curious about how he did it. I strongly suspect we'll find clues about this in the Valley of Prisms."

Rui had not forgotten that according to the intelligence from the Beggar Sage, the ecological and environmental data from the Adventurer's Guild indicated a rather abrupt disruption in the Valley of Prisms around the same time that the Divine Doctor had entered it.

Somehow, the Divine Doctor had caused a mass exodus of various fauna species from the Valley of Prisms further deeper into the Beast Domain.

If the Beggar Sage's information was right in that the Divine Doctor had spread chaos through the Beast Domain, then Rui could be quite confident that the Divine Doctor had been responsible and had almost certainly left clues that Rui could use to understand exactly how he had managed to do it and survived in the Beast Domain.

Once he got that, he would be able to better identify which path the Divine Doctor had gone down after.

That was part of Rui's plan for eventually finding the Divine Doctor.

"Come on, let's get going," Rui informed Kane after they ate and recuperated enough. "I don't want to waste any more time than we have."

He had an original five years when his father fell back into a coma from the Eternal Dream disease. He had spent around a year fighting the Kandrian Throne War and, after that, another two months to recover from his battle with the Gatekeeper. A total of two more months had passed since then. He only had three years and eight months left to find the man that he was looking for.

He was not eager to waste any more time than he already had.

The two of them immediately departed, traveling through the outskirts of the Beast Domain. The topography changed slowly and steadily as the forest they were in grew thinner and thinner on a gradient, and the lands beneath their feet slowly began growing drier and coarser.

"Any information on what we might be running into next?" Kane asked.

"The Adventurer's Guild's information doesn't have anything specific on this region," Rui replied, narrowing his eyes. "Stay alert; you never know what we might run into there. Once we cross this region, we'll have reached the Valley of Prisms."

The topography of the coming region became increasingly apparent. A desert began emerging over the horizon as the amount of sand beneath their feet slowly began increasing.

"Deserts are good," Kane nodded. "They are open and transparent and all. As long as you look for the sand, you're safe. With our senses, that should be all fine, right?"

Rationally, Rui was inclined to agree with that analysis. Yet, his instincts tingled as his eyes fell on the sands in the distance.

They drew his attention especially strongly. For some reason, he felt uncertain as he headed towards them. He could not feel any overt danger or peril from Primordial instinct. But something nagged at his instincts.



Chapter 1896 Fitting Name

﻿﻿He grew increasingly anxious the closer they approached the desert. Kane, on the other hand, while alert, was oblivious. He continued to jog towards the desert at high speeds.

Rui's senses and alertness heightened as they drew closer to the desert. His senses spread across the entire area, looking for any and all monsters and beasts that might be trying to ambush them.

Yet, strangely, he couldn't spot a single lifeform.

That was strange.

The Beast Domain was filled with all kinds of lifeforms at all scales; he had seen plenty of strange insects and little critters native and unique to the Beast Domain. Yet there was not a single soul in the vicinity. He could not spot even a single insect.

That only strengthened his gut feeling.

Yet it was only after Kane took the first step into the desert that it finally clicked.

The way the sand moved.

The way each of its grains shifted.

The strange, inorganic, and unnatural feel to it.

Shivers crawled up his spine.

Time slowed down as a memory flashed in his mind.

A memory from the prophetic visions his grandmother had shown him. One of the many visions of death that she had shown him was him in a desert, being swallowed up by sand that was so powerful he could not resist it.

RUMBLE!

"KANE!" Rui bellowed, instantly activating his Martial Heart and Neo Godspeed.

"Hm?" Kane frowned, turning to Rui.

Behind him, a tsunami of sand as large as a mountain had already erupted, converging on him in a matter of no more than a dozen microseconds. Kane's Martial Heart had already instinctively burst into power thanks to his passive Primordial Instinct, but his conscious mind had yet to catch up.

WHOOSH!

Rui surged forward at extraordinary speeds, reduced to no more than the haziest of blurs as Gale Force Breathing and Outer Convergence propelled him forward faster and faster.

BOOOOOOOOOOOM!!!!!!!!

Rui gritted his teeth as he barely managed to pull at Kane, avoiding the initial crash. Thankfully, Kane, too, activated his Fulminata Godspeed, utterly bewildered by what had just happened. In just a moment, they crossed kilometers at top speed.

The sheer devastation of the desert's attack shook the very lands of the region to their core as an abyss larger than a mountain emerged from the titanic weight of the crash. Rui and Kane had evaded death by just meters.

They watched in horror as the sand slowly retreated back to the desert without causing any more of a ruckus.

"What the fuck was that?!" Kane barked, startled.

"That desert is alive," Rui's expression grew grave. "It consumes organic life that steps onto it like you did as sustenance. It has extremely high power and probably cannot be overcome with just the power of the Senior Realm."

Aside from a freak like the Gatekeeper, of course.

Kane turned to Rui, utterly astonished. "How in the world did you know that? I thought this was supposed to be an unknown region? Also, how in the world did you react faster than me?! I thought reflexes were the only advantage that I had over you."

"You do," Rui affirmed. "I didn't react, I preacted. I recognized the desert from my grandmother's prophecy. In that prophecy, I actually ended up dying here because it swallowed me up whole."

Kane froze when he heard that.

"The Eye of Prophecy must have allowed my grandmother to foresee that I would come here and showed me the outcome of entering this dangerous region," Rui's voice grew severe. "This entire region is a predator. That's why I couldn't sense a single lifeform when I came here. All of them must have either been devoured or escaped and never returned anywhere near this region."

Rui heaved a sigh, catching his breath. "…If I hadn't sought the Silas Clan, the two of us might have been dead right now."

Rui thanked his stars and his grandmother. He definitely needed to do right by her when he returned from the Beast Domain one day. Also, it showed him the power of prophecy. The power of prophecy had instantly grown more alluring and attractive to him today. He regretted that he hadn't learned about the Silas Clan and sought them out a lot sooner.

Had he mastered the Eye of Prophecy technique, he would probably have been able to whiz through the Beast Domain much easier and quicker than they currently did. They also wouldn't have had as many close calls and shaves as they had up until now.

"…I can see why so many adventurers die in the Beast Domain," Kane warily regarded the enormous abyss that had been inflicted on the land before them. "This is insane. Almost no Martial Artist of the Lower Realms can survive this if they didn't know about it. Which no one does."

"…Let's circle around this region," Rui got up, having caught his breath as he brushed off the dust from his clothes.

"No complaints there." Kane snorted.

The incident served as a chilling reminder that the two of them could die at any moment, anywhere in the Beast Domain, with just a wrong step. This included times that they were in Apprentice-level or Squire-level zones.

They grew even warier and more alert as they kept a ten-Thê sourc𝗲 of this conte/nt n/o/v/(𝒆l)bi((n))

kilometer distance from the desert just to be safe as they circled across the region. Neither of them voiced a single complaint about the extra time taken by the detour. Eventually, however, they finally managed to arrive at the other end, putting the desert behind them for good.

"Finally…" Rui gazed down from atop a mountain.

Before him was an enormous valley that extended well into the distance. Yet the visage of the valley was distorted and broken. Almost as if it was made up of glass and someone had shattered it, extracting a piece or two. It was as though people had mixed up the pieces of two different puzzles to create broken images formed together into one.

"Valley of Prisms," Rui narrowed his eyes. "Fitting name."

-



Chapter 1897  Surveying Oddities



He wasn't kidding when he said the name was fitting. The Valley of Prisms was a region where the optical density of the air was not consistent, causing light to bend midair, turning in different directions.

Almost as though the atmosphere was a collection of prisms. Thê sourc𝗲 of this conte/nt n/o/v/(𝒆l)bi((n))

Hence the name of the region.

"Man…" Kane murmured. "Just looking at this place is giving me a headache."

"So this is where the Divine Doctor entered the Beast Domain," Rui remarked, turning back as he glanced towards the Human Domain in the distance. He could see that as the alien-like flora began to grow scarce and peter out into barren land, traces of the touch of humanity could be seen at the horizon.

He turned back and faced the Valley of Prisms with a deep breath. "Let's get going. I'm sure that we'll find some clues."

Rui surged forward intently. Yet it was hard to hide his nervousness. This was the first juncture in searching for clues for the Divine Doctor. The outcome of this particular investigation would drastically alter Rui's evaluation of the likelihood of success. Thus, he was particularly anxious to find something that could point him in a definitive direction.

The Valley of Prisms was definitely most defined by its eye-drawing characteristic and its highly uneven distribution of optical density. However, it wasn't the only aspect of the region that mattered. The valley was quite large, surrounded by the Hroul Mountain Range.

It had lush greenery with a wide stretch of grass and shrubs and other flora thriving in the fertile soils of the valley, which was glowing vividly in myriad colors. Its fauna seemed surprisingly normal and sane, in a way. He saw herds of herbivorous monsters peacefully grazing on the grass.

It was weird and out of place for a region like the Beast Domain.

Rui immediately jumped into surveying mode. With his many powerful sensory techniques like Seismic Mapping, Tempestuous Feel, and Riemannian Echo, he was able to sense a large amount of area and simultaneously ignore the vision distortion caused by the refraction of the atmosphere. He immediately began scanning the entire region with a zig-zag grid-mapping system, ensuring that he would have covered every inch of the entire valley in time.

Even before his initial survey was complete, he had already begun to note oddities in the region half a day ago. The fauna surprised Rui even more, for it struck him as imbalanced, as though there were links missing in the food chains of the entire environment.

Namely, there were no predators.

At least none that he could detect.

"Mmm…" Rui narrowed his eyes. "No wonder they're so relaxed."

He glanced at the various herds of catoblepas, a cow-like monster species, grazing on grass openly and intrepidly. It was an odd sight in a domain that was characterized by harsh conditions and elevated difficulty of survival due to human expansion and encroachment.

They looked semi-intelligent. They clearly were cognizant of him, sizing him up and steering away from him every time he got too close in his scanning endeavors.

There were a variety of other monsters that seemed to coexist in the region in peace.

"Oh, never mind, not all the predators, clearly," Rui finally arrived at an enormous freshwater lake in the middle of the valley from which a variety of streams and rivers flowed into and out.

Within its depths, Rui could clearly sense powerful predatory fish-like monsters the size of small buildings within its depths. These were definitely predators that were on a particularly high grade in the Apprentice Realm.

"Huh," Rui frowned. "So, the only predators are in water while…"

He turned out to inspect the rest of the valley. "…most of the region is comprised of land and land-dwelling animals."

Could a water-dwelling predator unable to set foot on land truly regulate the population of herbivorous species?

Rui narrowed its eyes. "Unlikely."

He ran simple projections and models with safe estimates for variables such as reproduction and hunting rates, and in most cases, unless these monsters were extremely aggressive, it was not feasible for the populations of the herbivorous animals to be kept in check by the water predators alone.

"On top of that, the lake is brimming with other fish life," Rui noted. "It begs the question of whether these monsters even hunt land animals that assuage their thirst at the lake."

Additionally, with the many streams and rivers running around, Rui found it rather hard to believe that herbivores necessarily even relied on the lake.

All of these ecological and environmental oddities were strange and pointed to an incomplete food chain and ecosystem that would eventually overload the environment.

Unfortunately, while he made numerous observations, there were none that could directly elucidate anything about the Divine Doctor.

Of course, this was to be expected.

It wasn't as though the Divine Doctor had visited this region yesterday such that his footprints might still be visibly indented in the ground. He had visited years ago according to the data from the Beggar Sage. Any direct clues that Rui could possibly extract from the region were undoubtedly long eroded by time.

Naturally, he was prepared for this.

What he did hope to find was a more concrete insight into the 'disruption' that the Divine Doctor had caused so that he would have more accurate and precise data that he could systematically compare to all known disruptions in the region over many years; data that he had acquired from the Adventurer's Guild. Those with the highest match would have the highest probability of correlating with the Divine Doctor.

"I dunno, man. Doesn't seem like there's anything worth looking at here," Kane yawned, bored. "It's too chill."

Rui smiled. "Exactly."

"What?"

"Around the same time that the Beggar Sage says the Divine Doctor entered the Valley of Prisms, the Adventurer Guild's data records mass emigration from this region around the same time…" Rui reiterated as he closed his eyes as his powerful mind furiously processed all the data at hand.

He considered a variety of factors. "Missing predators in the food chain. A return of the population. There is no environmental evidence that points to an environmental crisis that caused mass emigration. Considering that the Valley of Prisms is brimming with a biosphere again, it can be assumed that the cause of the emigration was acute."

He opened his eyes. "In that case, somehow, the Divine Doctor must have personally caused the mass emigration."

-



Chapter 1898  Deductive Inferences



"Wait a second," Kane frowned. "Didn't you already conclude that the Divine Doctor was responsible for the emigration before?"

"Yes, but before, I did not know how," Rui replied. "Looking at the environment, the probability of him having triggered an environmental event that caused the mass emigration is low. Even if many years have passed, something that caused such a large crisis that all fauna emigrated would not be undone so easily. The land and soil are pristine, as are the water sources. There is no evidence of seismic wear and tear, nor any evidence of geological stress."

He turned and closed his eyes as he recollected his survey data from within his Mind Palace. "There is no archaeological evidence of mass death during the period of the Divine Doctor's visit."

"What?"

Rui turned to Kane. "It's a piece of evidence that reduces the probability that the Divine Doctor triggered an environmental calamity. Such an event would have caused mass death, which would mean a lot of corpses that would not escape my senses. Yet I do not sense such a thing. Thus, I can conclude that it was not a life-threatening environmental crisis that caused the mass emigration." Ne/w novel chapt𝒆rs are p/u/blished on no/vel(/bin(.)c/o/m

STEP

Kane raised an eyebrow. "What if it wasn't life-threatening but still an environmental crisis?"

"Then it would not have caused mass emigration," Rui remarked. "The Adventurer's Guild recorded a complete exodus of all land animals with only the aquatic animals remaining behind, for obvious reasons. The fact that the Adventurer's Guild was unable to identify the cause also reduced the statistical likelihood of it being environmental since such a thing cannot be hidden."

Rui quickly eliminated impossibilities before evaluating the most likely possibilities. "I think the most likely case is that the Divine Doctor came to this region and did something, probably employing his extraordinary medical prowess that caused mass panic among the creatures in the region, causing them to leave."

"Then why did they come back?" Kane asked, growing curious. "And how does that explain the predators being absent, like you mentioned?"

"…The herbivores are more environmentally shackled than the carnivores are," Rui narrowed his eyes. "They usually need a specific diet of grass. The flora in the Beast Domain has an even higher variance and diversity than the fauna does. Carnivores can get sustenance by eating whatever fauna exists unless it's extremely esoteric. The same cannot be said for herbivorous animals. Hence, they returned while the carnivores migrated somewhere else, probably deeper into the Beast Domain as beasts in the Beast Domain are known to normally do."

"Hm, that makes sense, I guess," Kane shrugged. "But if that's your hypothesis, then how can you use that to find where the Divine Doctor went?"

Rui's eyes sharpened.

It was a pertinent question.

The whole reason that they had come to the Valley of Prisms was to find more clues about where the Divine Doctor had gone after the Valley of Prisms, to eventually find the man and get him back home to the Kandrian Empire.

Rui closed his eyes. "If the Divine Doctor triggered a mass emigration without leaving behind any environmental trace, then the only source of information is…"

He opened his eyes, turning to the herds of grazing animals in the distance with narrowed eyes. "…is their memories."

"…Huh?" Kane tilted his head.

"Barring the young ones, many of these animals must have undoubtedly retained memory of the Divine Doctor," Rui remarked. "Thus, I'm sure that precious intel on the Divine Doctor lies locked up deep within their brains. There is a chance that that intelligence could help us locate where the Divine Doctor is, where he went, or maybe even his objective."

"I mean, what if they forgot about it?" Kane asked impassively. "They are animals, after all."

"Unlikely," Rui shook his head. "If it was just an ordinary occurrence, I would be inclined to agree with you. However, this was probably, by far, the most traumatic experience of their life."

"And how can you know that?"

"Because every single animal ran away from the entire region," Rui replied. "It is a direct measure of psychological impact. And considering the peace that they are naturally accustomed to…"

He gestured at the many grazing herds, their images shattered and distorted like misplaced pieces of a puzzle due to the refraction caused by the Valley of Prisms.

"…it undoubtedly is seared and embedded in their memories. It probably caused trauma, among other things. There's no doubt they experience nightmares, especially when it is evident that they are not as dimwitted as the average farm animal back on Earth."

"…Alright, but how do you intend to extract that information from them?" Kane asked skeptically. "It's not like you can just walk up to them and ask them."

"I can, actually," Rui smirked.

"Oh yeah…" Kane recalled. "Well, worth a try, I suppose."

Rui nodded, disappearing and appearing before a large herd of catoblepas faster than they could react. He knew that they had a tendency to avoid him, so he couldn't approach them slowly.

"MOOOEEAAUUU!"

Rui activated a breathing technique, bending his breath to bend heaven and earth to his will, holding them in place, refusing to allow them to escape. Yet they struggled vigorously, much to his dismay. Even without his Martial Heart, he was a quasi-senior-level Martial Artist. Creatures that weren't even Apprentice-level didn't stand a chance of escaping his grip.

He waited patiently for them to grow tired and finally cease their futile resistance.

"Alright then," Rui clapped, conveying his message through non-verbal communication.

This was the best part of Fauna Flow. Or rather, the best part of communication. Research in behavioral psychology had thoroughly demonstrated that an overwhelming majority of the communication between people, regardless of language, was non-verbal. Demeanor, body language, line of vision, eyelids, and many other things conveyed more information than the words themselves.

Thus, it stood to reason that one could communicate with non-verbal communication. A language that was universal across the biosphere. All species of the animal kingdom developed evolutionary traits to read body language naturally.

It was only the human species that lacked this inherent communication method due to thought patterns that caused the mind to become more desensitized towards it while searching for human language, be it written or heard.

Fauna Flow was a technique that unlocked the capacity to learn the language of non-verbal communication.

Rui smirked, excited, as he began speaking to the catoblepas non-verbally.

Now that you lot have calmed down, I'll have you answer some questions.

-



Chapter 1899 Trauma

﻿﻿Rui grew excited about the prospect of communicating with the animals to gain the intelligence he sought. It was a really novel and non-standard way of learning what he wanted.

Yet they stared at him blankly.

Alright, have you guys seen the Divine Doctor? Rui asked.

"MMOOOOOEAAAU?"

"MOOEAU."

"MOOOOOOOOOEAAAUUU."

The catoblepas began a cacophony in response to Rui's enunciated non-verbal communication.

Yet, they only conveyed a single meaning. A single inquiry.

Food? They gazed at him eagerly. Food??

Rui heaved a sigh as his excitement dampened. Their conception of the world was extremely limited. 'Divine' and 'doctor' meant absolutely nothing to them. Thus even if their minds parsed what Rui conveyed through non-verbal communication, it did not register or trigger any associations in their mind.

"How's it going?" Kane asked, amused as he watched Rui interrogating monster cows.

"…I'll need to try a different approach," Rui murmured. "I need to work with concepts that they are aware of."

He was extremely certain that they knew what human beings were. Everybody knew what human beings were.

How could one fail to notice the strongest species on the Panama Continent that dominated most of the continent, conquering it bit by bit, pushing back all life with its own power single-handedly?

Human. Rui conveyed. Like me. Years ago.

Rui hoped that catoblepas had a solid conception of time and the passage of time. Otherwise, this was doomed.

They stared at him, confused. However, it was clear that they at least understood what he was conveying. They did understand the concepts of time and humans; it just was not enough to narrow it down.

The Valley of Prisms was too close to the human domain; multiple Martial Artists must have passed through this region when heading deeper into the Beast Domain.

"Damn, I'll have to be more specific…" Rui murmured before an idea popped into his head. "Wait a minute…"

"What's up?" Kane asked, raising an eyebrow.

"I know what the Divine Doctor looks like thanks to my grandmother's prophecy," Rui realized. "What if I use hypnosis to convey that?"

He had already inherited a foundation for hypnosis from his training under the Hypnomaster for two years. It was possible for him to convey an image using non-verbal communication by conjuring said image in his mind and fooling his own subconscious mind into believing it to be real.

This would, in turn, alter his body language and non-verbal communication since these were driven by the subconscious mind, conveying said image to those who understood his body language.

This was the same principle that his Phantomind Void technique operated on. Normally, others needed time to construct an image out of imagination. Rui's evolved mind and superhuman capacity for imagination quickly began reconstructing a high-definition version of the image from his memory of his grandmother's prophecy.

Within five minutes, he had completed what would take others weeks.

"Here we go," Rui narrowed his eyes, embedding the image in his mind such that it fooled his own subconscious mind that he was now the Divine Doctor himself. Instantly, his body language shifted, altering his being in the eyes of lesser beings as the image of the Divine Doctor overlapped his own.

He had become the Divine Doctor.

Fortunately, his non-verbal communication evoked a reaction.

A reaction much stronger than Rui had expected.

Their eyes grew bloodshot as their body shivered.

Raw terror was palpable in every inch of their body language.

"MOOOOOOOOOOOOEEEEEAAAAAUUUUUUUUUU!"

Their voices were saturated with fear and horror as they began thrashing and struggling to escape from Rui's domain in vain.

They conveyed a single meaning to Rui.

Monster.

Rui's eyes sharpened gravely.

"MOOOOOOOOOOOOEEEEEAAAAAUUUUUUUUUU!!"

MONSTER.

Tears began flowing from their eyes.

"MOOOOOOOOOOOOEEEEEAAAAAUUUUUUUUUU!!!"

MONSTER!!

Rui dispelled his domain, allowing them to escape. They were so emotionally distraught that he doubted he would be able to extract anything from them even if he tried. It was painfully clear that not only did they remember the Divine Doctor, but they had some agonizing trauma regarding the man.They want nothing to do with him.

Just the image of the Divine Doctor was enough to trigger a hysterical anxiety attack in each and every single one of them!

"What the hell…?" Rui frowned.

This kind of reaction to a non-Martial Artist human being was rather extreme. How could a normal human being evoke such an extreme reaction from so many creatures?

He recalled the meaning that they had conveyed to him through their non-verbal communication.

"Monster…" Rui narrowed his eyes.

There was no doubt about exactly who they were referring to.

Just what did the Divine Doctor do to these animals that made them regard him as a monster?

'Well, he did displace them, causing mass exodus, but would they really suffer from such intense trauma of the memory of him?' Rui wondered.

Rui had expected to be able to access their recollection . He didn't understand why there was so much emotional distress attached to their memory of the Divine Doctor. However, this, too, was evidence that Rui could use to refine his understanding of what had happened in this region when the Divine Doctor visited many years ago.

"He undoubtedly had an extremely personal role in displacing them," Rui narrowed his eyes. "He must have caused them a lot of suffering and distress when he came here. He might have personally driven them all away directly using some medical tech. But why?"

And more importantly, how could he use it to learn more about where the Divine Doctor went?

He turned back to the catoblepas. "We're not done yet."

He didn't care about the suffering that the Divine Doctor had inflicted on them, though he was concerned about what it spoke about the Divine Doctor, a man who had no qualms about spreading such suffering without any hesitation.Thê sourc𝗲 of this conte/nt n/o/v/(𝒆l)bi((n))

Was this a man he could reason with to heal his father from the Eternal Dream Disease?

It remained to be seen.

"Let's continue," Rui declared under his breath, bending heaven and earth to summon all the catoblepas before him.

-



Chapter 1900  Inspired Idea



He had found a promising avenue of pursuit.

The predicament of the Divine Doctor, having left no physical clues, was fine. All Rui had to do was explore the minds of the denizens of the Valley of Prisms rather than the region itself.

He had confirmed that they remembered the Divine Doctor well. The question was whether he ought to extract information from them effectively. They had terrible communication intelligence. Thus, he could not particularly rely on them to convey accurate details to him even if they recalled the Divine Doctor's visit to the Valley of Prisms.

Of course, he made sure to verify this nonetheless.

He sharpened his eyes, conveying the image of the Divine Doctor to several herds of catoblepas.

Their reactions did not change.

"MOOOOOOOOOEEEEAAAAUUUU!"

They mooed in emotional distress.

BADUMP!

Rui activated his Martial Heart, exerting immense mental pressure on them. He hoped that by subjecting them to deep mental pressure, he would be able to get them to focus on him while still conveying the image of the Divine Doctor.

"MOOOOOOOOOEEEEAAAAUUUU!"

Rui did a double take, frowning. "…Just what kind of trauma did that man inflict on them?"

The fact that even his Senior-level aura was unable to break them out of their reverie of emotional distress showed that whatever the Divine Doctor did to them was extremely impactful on their psyche.

What did he do? Rui narrowed his eyes. Tell me, what did he do?

"MOOOOOOOOOEEEEAAAAUUUU!"

Alas, it was to no avail.

He let go of his grip on them, causing them to immediately run away from him.

"No luck?" Kane asked, squatting peacefully.

"It's difficult to extract information from them," Rui heaved a sigh. "The communication from my end is great; the issue is the communication from their end. It's a shame Ieyasu isn't here."

The man's ability to read minds would have allowed Rui to overcome this hurdle pretty easily.

Kane furrowed his eyebrows. "Are you saying I'm not as helpful as him?"

Rui stared at him blankly. "Would you say you're as useful as him?"

"I can fight and assassinate well."

"He can do both better," Rui huffed. "Besides, his specialty would be perfect for this situation."

Kane folded his arms. "The issue is that they're unable to communicate with you, and you're able to communicate with them, right?"

"Yeah, in addition to being a bit unwilling, but yeah."

"Then why not just solve the problem with your Martial Art?" Kane asked impassively.

"…Use my Martial Art to solve a communication problem?"

"After all, Adaptive Evolution is meant to overcome everything by evolving and adapting to things, right? So you can just overcome this problem by adaptively evolving to it," Kane shrugged. "Seems like a no-brainer to me, to be honest."

Rui stared at him wordlessly. The logic was so profound that Rui had to take a moment to wrap his mind around what the man had just uttered.

"How in the world am I supposed to use my Martial Path outside of combat to overcome communication problems?" Ne/w novel chapt𝒆rs are p/u/blished on no/vel(/bin(.)c/o/m

"Well, aren't you already doing that?" Kane asked blandly. "You used hypnosis to communicate. That's Martial Art, right?"

Rui's gaze grew measured. Technically, Kane wasn't wrong. Rui did indeed use Martial hypnosis for benign communication. However, as much as he loved his Martial Path, it would be a stretch to say that he used Adaptive Evolution when solving a simple problem.

Even more to say that he could use it to solve the hurdles ahead of them.

"It's not like I can use my Martial Path and Martial Art to make them communicate better with me." Rui heaved an exasperated sigh.

"Why not?" Kane's tone was sincere. He stared at Rui with simple curiosity.

"Because… such a technique is… impossible?" Rui frowned as a realization clicked in his head.

It wasn't impossible.

"Wait a minute," Rui grew more engrossed in the matter, his eyes swimming around. "If I can put them into a trance and get them to communicate their memories to me non-verbally, then…"

Rui's eyes lit up. "It just might work."

Most communication between people occurred non-verbally. However, while ordinary people were only able to convey a limited amount of information, Martial Artists like Rui could convey far more through non-verbal communication alone.

Their bandwidth was much greater. That was the reason Rui was able to convey three-dimensional high-definition videos through sheer non-verbal communication.

He turned to the catoblepas with an interested expression. "These creatures don't have as much bandwidth as I do, but…" He muttered under his breath. "They are Apprentice-level creatures, even if barely."

That meant that they undoubtedly possessed a bandwidth that exceeded that of normal humans. Given that non-verbal communication was largely dictated by the subconscious mind, intelligence was not a particularly relevant variable this time around. Thus, he wasn't concerned that the dim-wittedness of this grazing species would sabotage him.

Of course, it wasn't going to be easy.

He was essentially talking about using hypnosis to read the mind of his target. The mechanics of the technique were different from anything that Rui had learned about from the Hypnomaster. As far as he was aware, he had never heard about a technique that allowed one to read another mind via hypnosis. He immediately thought of Ieyasu, narrowing his eyes. "I don't think his technique works this way, but…"

Rui wondered if he could replicate a fraction of Ieyasu's capabilities with this alternative principle. After all, the latter himself did this all the time and got away with it. Surely, Rui could succeed at copying a technique with alternative principles at least once.

If he succeeded, not only would he be able to extract precious intelligence regarding the Divine Doctor from the minds of the catoblepas, but he would have created a technique that could be useful in many other domains of his life, especially as a Martial Artist.

Putting his opponent in a mild trance such that their subconscious mind conveyed some proportion of their conscious mind through non-verbal communication sounded so tantalizingly attractive that he could not help but wonder if it was possible.

"I must look into this immediately."

-



