Chapter 711 Unique





One after the other, Martial Artists of both sides came forward to demonstrate the techniques that the other side wanted to obtain. The demonstrations were different, as none of the techniques were too similar, and they had different parameters that made them impressive.

Rui watched with interest as they came up one by one, executing their techniques. It was one thing to read reports and analyses on them, it was another to actually witness them in the flesh.

He realized there were many nuances that he had missed prior.

For one, despite their lacking of impact power in their attacks. They were not necessarily less lethal than the Longranger Martial Squires of the Martial Union by a great degree. They had a surprising amount of lethality through means besides impacts.

There were many ways to inflict damage on a person. Impacts through strikes or wind-based projectiles were just the most straightforward and easiest ways to inflict damage on people.

In reality, there were entire fields of Martial Art that were dedicated to inflicting damage on people through unusual and non-standard means. The most significant ones that came to mind were poison-oriented techniques. These techniques were lethal in ways that did not involve inflicting more than a bit of a wound. Sometimes, no wounds were required to be inflicted at all.

Of course, these techniques of the G'ak'arkan Tribe did not operate on the same principle as poison techniques, but they also inflicted damage through non-standard ways. Thus, despite not having techniques that exerted powerful impacts, they possessed techniques that were just as damaging as powerful impacts, and sometimes even more.

One of the techniques that Rui had come across caused debilitating damage to ear drums through directed sound waves. Another Martial Artist used techniques that caused a rapid vacuum around their opponent spontaneously, causing the internal pressure generated by the body to momentarily exceed skin durability for just a brief moment caused by the extremely rapid shift in pressure. The enhanced durability of Martial Squires prevented this from happening under ordinary circumstances, however, the rapid pressure shift allowed for internal pressure to surpass the durability of outer flesh such that it could cause flesh to tear, inflicting wounds on the body using its own pressure.

Another technique suffocated their opponent with vacuums, which was a form of inflicting damage that was radically different from impacts, yet quite dangerous. If the target spent too much time affected by the technique, the lack of oxygen would quickly weaken them, causing them to lose the strength to leave the technique's area of effect and eventually causing them to die.

Rui could even understand how the G'ak'arkan Tribe had come to discover this technique in the first place. It was most likely because Martial Artists, in pursuit of individuality, came up with newer means to harm their opponents than just by standard impacts or tears.

This wouldn't have happened if the G'ak'arkan Tribe did not hyper-emphasize the individuality of Martial Artists, and encouraged all of them to pick their own unique paths from the very start of their journey down their Martial Path. Had they not done that, then Rui highly doubted that any of the Martial Artists would have gone so far off the beaten path.

After all, if they were not encouraged to find new ways to hurt their opponent, then they would have straightforwardly inherited and mastered existing long-range projectile techniques that allowed them to rely on existing paradigms to inflict damage on their opponent.nÊw st𝒐ries at n𝒐/vel/b/i/n(.)co𝒎

Rui wondered if this demonstration proved that there was merit in the Martial Union adopting the approach that the G'ak'arkan Tribe had taken with its extreme pursuit of individuality. If this little tribe was able to generate so many unique techniques that even the Martial Union chased after, then perhaps it would make sense for the Martial Union to adopt the same, or at least a similar approach to encourage and foster more individuality, even if it was difficult with no immediate benefit of power to the Martial Apprentice.

If these techniques were interesting to Rui, then there were several that really interested Rui.

THWOOM!

A thin potent sound bullet moved at an incredible speed as it pushed through the atmosphere.

Rui widened his eyes as he watched it cover nearly a kilometer in less than a second. He had read about this technique in the reports but realized that there was more going under the surface than he had realized.

('That's an attack made of sound.') He frowned. ('Yet it moves faster than the speed of sound by a huge degree.')

This was generally not possible unless…

('Unless the pressure that she's exerting far exceeds atmospheric pressure.') Rui noted. All sound waves were restricted at the speed of sound due to several factors, such as atmospheric pressure. The pressure that the atmosphere had on air molecules that served as the medium of sound largely decided, when other factors were constant, the speed at which sound propagated through the air.

The pressure constrained the speed and rate at which air molecules bounced at each other, and only in special circumstances could this be changed.

Among these, were ensuring that the pressure of the sound wave exerted that of the shackling atmospheric pressure by a large degree.

('Is that why her attack is so small?') Rui glanced at the bullet-shaped crater that her attack had made on her target wall.

By reducing the size of the projectile, she was increasing the energy density of the wave and thus the pressure that launched the wave forward.

Allowing her to break the threshold that allowed the sound wave to propagate forward. With this, she was able to launch incredibly speedy projectiles that were extremely difficult to dodge.

('This technique… There is so much potential in this technique.') Rui realized.

It could potentially make life a lot easier for Rui, he had to admit.

('There is worth in mastering this technique…') Rui's eyes lit up in interest as several ideas for a new technique flashed through his head.

*****

Author's note: I will be adding more priv chapters, as for what form that takes, that remains to be seen. Also, there will be a mass release in the month of May.



Chapter 712 Idea





Rui's eyes glinted as a germ of an idea formed in his head.

('Being able to alter the speed of sound waves through the air and surpass the speed of sound… There are applications of this beyond just creating speedy projectiles that move many times the speed of sound,') Rui realized.

In fact, the increased speed of the projectile was actually just the simplest of applications.

('The constant speed of the Sonic Bullets was shackling, but with this technique, there are routes that I can consider that I couldn't before,') Rui noted.

With sound projectiles of much higher speed, the execution of the Pathfinder technique became much easier since the sound bullet traveled to its target much faster and thus took less time to reach its target.

This significantly allowed Rui to expand his targeting range since the bullet can cover much greater in the same amount of time, thus the ODA system, which had a time limit as to how many seconds ahead of time he could predict atmospheric conditions would also allow him to hit much more distant targets since the distance the bullet could travel within that time limit was greater.

At the moment, he could only predict atmospheric conditions for three seconds ahead of time at the most. This may not seem like much, but given how complicated the math and the physics were and the sheer amount of data he needed to sense and process himself, it was actually a bit of a miracle that he was able to process all that data to that degree in that short amount of time. Given that sound only traveled a little over a kilometer in three seconds, that was also his maximum for guaranteed perfect hits. In order to hit with one hundred percent accuracy beyond that range, he would need to be able to predict the atmosphere deeper than three seconds in the future.

He knew that that was damn near impossible given how much he was straining himself with his current limit.Upd𝒂ted chapters 𝒐n n𝒐velbin(.)com





However, now that he had come across a technique that could potentially allow him to send his attacks further than a kilometer in three seconds, that meant that he could also have a one hundred percent accuracy beyond a kilometer.

This alone was an excellent reason for Rui to pursue this technique.

('That's just the most straightforward application of the technique,') Rui smiled.

Rui had considered an even crazier idea.

('If I'm not wrong, this technique can allow me to surpass the limits of the attack power of my Sonic Bullets,') Rui thought to himself with excitement.

An absolutely crazy idea popped into his head, he wasn't sure if this would even work in the first place. But if it worked at all, then there was no way he could possibly afford to miss such an opportunity to create yet another powerful technique.

('I have to learn this technique no matter what!') Rui decided.





Thankfully, he was the boss here. Senior Ceeran would definitely not object. Hell, he was sure that the Martial Senior would be keeping a close eye on the techniques that Rui would be developing.

"An incredible technique…" Rui nodded when the demonstration was done. "I look forward to mastering it myself."

Senior Ceeran raised an eyebrow at Rui. They hadn't yet decided which of the Martial Squires on their side would master which techniques.

The rest of the demonstration proceeded quickly and both sides took their time examining the techniques of the other side, ascertaining their value themselves.

This would allow them to get a good grasp of the cards that both sides had.

"The demonstration has come to an end," Rui turned toward when the last G'ak'arkan Martial Artist had ended his demonstration.

Senior K'Mala nodded absentmindedly, deep in thought.





"Why don't we reconvene tomorrow at our village?" Rui offered when he noticed her state. "After all, both sides have a lot to think about."

Both sides had already received the information detailing the degree of mastery and competence of the Martial Artists of the other side. There was a lot that needed to be considered before both sides settled on a discrete appraisal of the other side's techniques.

"…Alright, at the break of dawn, don't be late this time," She nodded.

('You're the one coming to us though,') Rui sighed inwardly, not wanting to spark a fight over something so silly and childish.

The two of them bade each other goodbye before setting off in opposite directions.

"Interested in the Mighty Roar Flash Blast technique?" Senior Ceeran asked with curiosity.

"…Yes," Rui cringed a little at the flashy name of the technique. Fiction normally had such techniques, but Rui had to admit that there was no way that he could possibly give his own techniques such flashy names.





"What technique do you plan on creating?" Senior Ceeran grew even more interested.

"The technique will greatly benefit the Pathfinder technique as it is," Rui began. "That alone is good enough reason to master it."

"That is true. Your ODA system will definitely perform much better if your projectile speed was faster, considering that the ODA system's predictions are constrained by the time period of projectile flight, and not distance. Thus faster projectiles will travel greater distances in the same time limit, increasing your accuracy range."

"It seems you have gained a good understanding of how the ODA system works," Rui raised an eyebrow at Senior Ceeran.

"Of course! I intend to master that technique no matter what. I have had to spend a lot of time understanding the theoretical reading material that you had given me a while back. But I think I am slowly getting it," He nodded energetically.

Rui had to admire his motivations and perseverance. Trying to understand and master the partial differential equations that described the system of wind current vectors among other things with no scientific foundation was extremely difficult.

They chatted as Rui explained some of his plans while concealing his most ambitious yet compelling ones. They seemed so difficult that he didn't want to count his chicken before they hatched.



Chapter 713 Constructive





Rui immediately handed over the data that they had recorded with a remote recording device that a few people possessed. The analysis team quickly began appraising the value of a technique when weighed against the Martial Artists' competence and skill. This would allow them to objectively isolate the technique's capabilities from that of the Martial Artist's mastery.

The way this worked was by taking the average time it took for other Martial Artists of the Martial tribe to master the technique. Then it would be compared to the time it took for the Martial Artist that demonstrated the technique to Rui, to master it. If the demonstrating Martial Artist achieved basic mastery of it sooner, then one can presume that the Martial Artist likely possesses talent or affinity that is perhaps biasing the results. The value of the technique will be increased or reduced by one or two grades if the difference in the time it took for the demonstrating Martial Squire was too great compared to the average.

The same would be done for the amount of time that the Martial Squire has mastered the technique.

If the Martial Artist had mastered the technique for decades, then it can be assumed that part of the quality of the performance came not from the technique, but how deeply the Martial Artist had mastered the technique. Obviously someone who only just mastered it would be much inferior in performance, which would be a more accurate reflection of the technique.

In that regard, Rui's Pathfinder scored quite high. He had only mastered the technique in a little under four months and had spent nine months creating the technique.

This way, the value of the technique can be gauged while accounting for talent and mastery.

These estimations were relatively simple, partly due to the simplicity of the information that they had to work with. What surprised them was that Rui not only understood their work but was completing it even faster than them!

"This is completely wrong," Rui shook his head as he inspected the work of one of the analysts.

"Um… Sir?"

"The time period of mastery of a technique is not the same as the time period needed to create it from scratch, the Sky-splitting Tempestuous Whirlwind Sword technique was a technique that was created from constituent techniques that the Martial Artist had already mastered. You need to account for these differences in order to accurately gauge the proportion of the empirical potency grade of the technique that is caused by the time period of initial mastery."

"I-I see…"

Soon enough, they had the data they needed. The actual and accurate value of the techniques of the Martial Artists in the form of power and difficulty grades of the techniques, as well as their dissemination value in the form of the success rate of the mastery of the technique.

"Interesting…" Rui hummed as he studied the analysis on the Mighty Roar Flash Blast technique. "This just might work…"

Rui smiled as some of his excitement leaked out.

('The fact that it can surpass the speed of sound… means that constructive superposition is possible,') Rui's eyes lit up.

Constructive superposition was a phenomenon described in the classical theory of waves like that of sound waves. When two simple harmonic waves met and overlapped, there were three possibilities; either the two waves canceled each other out to a certain degree resulting in a weaker wave, or they added their strength to create an even stronger wave with a greater amplitude.ViiSiit n𝒐velb𝒊/n(.)c/(𝒐)m for l𝒂test 𝒏𝒐vels

It could be envisioned with ocean waves. If two ocean waves overlapped them such that the crest overlapped with the crest, it would yield an even greater crest. However, if the crest overlapped with the trough, then the two would naturally cancel each other out resulting in still water.

The former was known as constructive superposition, and the latter was known as destructive superposition.

Rui was interested in the former.

('If I launch a sound bullet, before launching a second sound bullet that was even faster. I could potentially merge the two attacks into one using constructive superposition…')

He wasn't sure if it was possible or not. But if it was possible…

('The power of my long-range attacks would increase a lot. Maybe I wouldn't have had so many clean shaves against the woman,') He recalled his final against the Martial Squires of the K'ulnen Tribe.

The female Martial Artist he fought against could shrug off his Pathfinder Sonic bullets like they were a child's attack. If not for his idea of striking her funny bone to shove aside her arm, he may not have won that fight.

Winning a fight with tactics and strategy when his power was insufficient was definitely something he had done plenty of. What he would rather happen was to never be put in a situation where his power would be insufficient.

If he could superimpose two Pathfinder Sonic Bullets into one attack making twice as strong, or perhaps even more than two, then he would be able to hit far above his grade, most likely. His grade was already higher than it should have been on paper by more than one grade thanks to the VOID algorithm, but with this, he might even end up being two grades higher than he actually was!

('I don't if this will work or not, but will I really get another chance to strengthen the Pathfinder technique's attack potency by such a degree through any other means…?') Rui wondered, before shaking his head.

There was very little chance that he would get such an opportunity. What were the odds that he would find a technique whose system and mechanics were centered around sound and wave mechanics, that would allow him to amplify the power of a technique beyond his ordinary limit thanks to synergy with his strengths?

('Almost non-existent… really.') He sighed.

That just made his decision that much more certain. There was no way that he could let it go after making the realization that he just had.



Chapter 714 Efficiency





What would it look like if he stacked three sonic bullets on top of each other in constructive superposition, creating an attack that could be thrice as powerful as what he would normally be able to dish out in a single impact?

Of course, he could also release those three same bullets normally in a barrage, but singular impacts were often more desirable than barrages. This was because damage was not necessarily linearly related to power.

That meant that three equal attacks did not cause an equal amount of damage as one attack thrice as powerful as one of those three attacks. There were many exceptions, such as piercing attacks and other means of inflicting damage.

But by and large, the damage rate of barrages of smaller attacks was lesser than that of one large blunt force attack.

One could clearly intuitively understand this when considering a feather following on one's head one million times, or a boulder that weighed as many as one million feathers following on one's head one time.

The former would not cause even an ounce of damage while the latter could potentially kill an ordinary person.

Rui could use this principle in his favor when it came to his Pathfinder projectiles, by summing up attacks that would do less damage than if he summed into a single attack. He was basically increasing the efficiency of the power he spent versus the result he obtained, and increasing the effectiveness of every single attack that he could potentially deal if he truly mastered what he was looking for.





The reason that he needed the Mighty Roar Flash Blast technique was that he could not have superposition happen at all if his attacks were of the same speed, with the reason being relatively obvious. In order to superimpose, they needed to overlap the same location at some point. This was not possible if they were moving at the same speed when launched one after the other, obviously. The distance between them would never shrink.

Thus, this technique that allowed him to increase the speed of his sound projectiles was absolutely vital to Rui if he wanted to master constructive resonance and use this principle of physics to augment his attacks.

The day moved agonizingly slow as Rui waited for the appointment with Senior K'mala. He even made sure to ensure that they were well-prepared ahead of time to ensure that Rui would be ready to handle the negotiations with her even if she showed up an hour earlier insisting that dawn had already broken back home.

"Senior K'Mala, I'm glad you're here," Rui smiled when she finally arrived. "Today is going to be an important day."

"Mmm," She nodded wordlessly, uncaring for etiquette. Such a concept did not really exist in their culture, since they almost never had any meaningful diplomatic relations with anybody in their entire lives prior.

Once Rui led her to the conference hall, they immediately began.





"We have an issue with the information that you provided us," She straightforwardly began with a stern expression.

Rui frowned. That was a rather bold accusation. They were basically implying that the Martial Union was lying and engaging in deception.

"You people are lying and engaging in deception."

…And now she straightforwardly declared what was implicit earlier.

Rui remained silent for a few moments.

Had this been another country, Rui would have responded strongly and sternly. He would have accused them of defamation and would warn the other side to avoid making statements that are patently false. Although it would lead to friction, maintaining a strong front was generally the right move to go for. Any half-hearted response to slanderous claims would be a sign of weakness that others may seek to exploit.





But this was not another nation that operated within the same framework of international political engagement where the perception of the Martial Union's tolerance, or lack thereof, was extremely vital for the deterrence of deception.

This was an entirely different situation. If the G'ak'arkan Tribe accused them of lying, it was almost certainly genuine earnestness and sincerity rather than a deceptive ploy. The G'ak'arkan Tribe was much more trigger-happy than other nations, thus Rui needed to change his approach.

"I can assure you we have done no such thing of the sort, K'Mala," Rui calmly, yet confidently stated. "I'm sure this is a misunderstanding, can you tell us what exactly you believe is a lie?"

"It is you,"

"…Sorry?"

"You are definitely lying about yourself," She tossed the document with the information of the Martial Artists of the Martial Union on the table. "This says that you have been a rank two Martial Artist for eight seasons. This is impossible!"

nÊw st𝒐ries at n𝒐/vel/b/i/n(.)co𝒎



She snorted as she folded her arms as she stared at Rui with a stern expression, albeit calm.

Rui on the other hand was putting in effort as he resisted the sheer amount of pressure and fear.

That was until he heard an explanation.

"I'm sorry?" He frowned. "I have been a Martial Squire for eight seasons, this is an absolute fact."

"Do you think I'm a fool?" She growled as she leaned forward. "You are stronger than every rank two Martial Artist we have ever seen. Including those that have been in the second rank for decades! How is it possible for you to obtain such power so quickly? How can someone so inexperienced exert such kind of pressure? It is impossible!"

Rui's eyes widened as understanding dawned upon him.

It was the Mind Mask, as well as Rui's thorough preparations before battle that allowed him to convince them that he was an extremely high-grade Martial Squire. When they read that he had only been in the Squire Realm for a little under three years, they undoubtedly that the Martial Union was trying to sell them nonsense to deceive them to make his techniques more valuable.

('Fuck…') Rui cursed inwardly. Not even he, with all his foresight, had considered the possibility that the decision to make himself seem stronger would come and bite him in the ass this late in the game.



Chapter 715 Explanation





"You have it all wrong," Rui heaved a sigh. "That data is entirely accurate."

"That's impossible," She snorted, her aura growing more forceful by the second."

"The reason that it is possible… is that I'm not as strong as you think I am," Rui sighed, revealing to her.

He would not have gone for this choice had he been dealing with another nation on the Panama Continent. After all, revealing that he wasn't a grade-ten Martial Squire would be giving them more strategically important intelligence.ViiSiit n𝒐velb𝒊/n(.)c/(𝒐)m for l𝒂test 𝒏𝒐vels

This was especially the case when one considered the fact that Rui wasn't an unknown Martial Artist. When he was a Martial Apprentice, he earned himself a name in other countries during the Serevian Dungeon War. After all, he had destroyed many Apprentice-level assets in the war, and the Martial Union had been forced to prove that he was a Martial Apprentice to prove that they didn't violate the clauses of the Serevian pact that the many nations had agreed to.

Thus even his identity had been exposed to a certain degree.

Revealing that he was actually much weaker than he had initially presented himself was risky. It wouldn't be impossible for other nations to potentially exploit this fact to their advantage.

However, he was dealing with the G'ak'arkan Tribe. He could rest assured that there was very little chance that they would engage in deceptive subterfuge when there was no record of them having ever done so in the history of the Vilun island.





"What?" She frowned. "What nonsense is that?"

"I am presenting myself to be stronger than myself using a special mental technique," Rui calmly explained. "See? I'm not as strong as you think I am."

His passive aura of pressure diminished significantly as he got rid of his mind mask.

Her eyes widened as she stared at him with an incredulous expression. "Eh…?"

"I can even use it to suppress my aura entirely," He explained as used a mind mask to present himself as an ordinary human.

She simply stared at him with an open mouth, wide eyes pushing back against her furrowed eyebrows.

"So, yes… The information is accurate. I just have been altering my power to ensure that people don't belittle me or doubt whether I am fit for my job or not," He revealed with complete honesty.





"…"

"…"

Rui smiled wryly as she continued staring at him wordlessly. One of the reasons that he had been able to speak with Martial Seniors of the G'ak'arkan Tribe instead of Martial Squires was that he presented himself as stronger than all of the Martial Squires of the G'ak'arkan Tribe with the help of his Mind Mask technique.

It was the very reason that he was speaking with Senior K'Mala instead of some Martial Squire of the G'ak'arkan Tribe.

"…But you killed that rank two Martial Artist with a single attack… You defeated the daughter of the leaders of the K'ulnen Tribe swiftly even when she had help… How was that possible?"

"The Pathfinder technique… and some preparation…" He replied, after giving it some thought.

Now he was being just a tad little deceptive.





It wasn't just 'some' preparation.

He had spent the months that the settlement was being built absorbing any and all data that he could get his hands on the Martial Artists of the K'ulnen Tribe, to build more accurate and extensive predictive models on his opponents. He had even spectated other battlefields where the Martial Squire of the K'ulnen Tribe were fighting against other Martial Tribes, building predictive models on every single one of them.

What that meant was he entered the battle against the K'ulnen Tribe effectively far stronger than he normally would be and only grew stronger as he refined the existing predictive models on them. Thanks to this, he entered the battlefield much stronger than he would have been had he not done so.

But, the more he diminished that, the more valuable the Pathfinder technique would be.

('…And it seems to be working.') He watched her open the document he had given her to the Pathfinder technique as she stared at it in amazement, reading through all the information listed on it, before turning back to Rui in amazement.

"I assure you, if you saw me fight against a powerful Martial Squire, I would struggle to win and would lose in most cases," Rui added.

He was a little concerned by her reaction to the deception, but thankfully he had already created a favorable impression of himself to her, having conversed with her extensively off the record.





"I see…" She murmured. "I suppose in that case the information you have provided to us is accurate."

"Indeed," Rui nodded. "Is there any other issue that you had regarding the information that we provided you with?"

"No," She shook her head. "I appreciate the honesty. You are one of the most shocking rank-two Martial Artist I have ever seen"

"Thank you for the kind words, you flatter me," Rui smiled. "In that case, I presume that there are no further issues that may delay the main matter at hand then?"

"Yes… We may begin…" She regained her composure. As even more amazing Rui had become in her eyes, she needed to ensure that the G'ak'arkan Tribe got a favorable agreement regarding the exchange of techniques.

"Alright, why don't you open the negotiations with an offer?" Rui offered. "You can begin with any of the techniques that you've listed as ones that you desire and are interested in obtaining."

"In that case, we'll begin with the technique that we are most interested in," Her demeanor grew more serious. "The Pathfinder technique…"

Rui's smile did not faze as he stared at her wordlessly before finally responding. "Well, that is an objective, not an offer. We evaluate the Pathfinder technique to be quite valuable, especially when considering the G'ak'akran Tribe's more limited long-range capabilities. So the question is… what are you offering in return?"

Rui felt a little embarrassed as he spoke highly of the Pathfinder technique as the representative of the Martial Union.



Chapter 716 Offer





"We are willing to offer two techniques; the Catastrophic Thundercrack Whiplash and the Dark Abyss Bloodsurge technique, in exchange for the Pathfinder technique," She replied.

Rui immediately shook his head. "That is not enough. Those two techniques are of much less power and capability and don't have an alluring dissemination viability."

Not all of the techniques of the G'ak'arkan Tribe that the Martial Union sought were for their actual capabilities. Many of the techniques that the Martial Union sought were for research purposes. These techniques were novelties that presented them with new paths to obtaining power.

In other words, they had great potential. And the Martial Union intended to exploit its formidable research and development department to expand on those techniques and build upon them to create more optimized and powerful upgraded versions of the technique that follow the same principle.

However, the G'ak'arkan Tribe did not know this, and this was one of the advantages that the Martial Union had in these negotiations.

They did not know that the techniques they had were valuable to the Martial Union, far more so than it was to them. Thus they could get away with deals that, while fair in the eyes of the G'ak'arkan Tribe, were quite advantageous to the Martial Union.

"Those techniques are too little in value in combat compared to the Pathfinder technique," Rui replied, as he falsely expressed a lack of too much value for two such techniques that possessed great potential in the eyes of the Martial Union.





"Then what more do you propose we give you in exchange?" She asked.

"…How about the Mighty Roar Flash Blast technique additionally?" Rui pointed out. "According to our evaluation of the technique, it would be fitting in addition to the two techniques that you offered earlier?"

Rui had been interested in that technique ever since he identified that it could help him grow stronger and allow him to remarkably improve existing techniques. He decided to try obtaining it in this negotiation. After all, they would not be exchanging techniques all at once, since both sides lacked a guarantee, especially the G'ak'arkan Tribe.

The G'ak'arkan Tribe had agreed to this deal under the condition that the Martial Union would fulfill its agreements of an individual trade before the G'ak'arkan Tribe did theirs. This was to ensure that the Martial Union did not swiftly leave the island and run away once it got what it needed at the expense of the G'ak'arkan Tribe not obtaining what it did first.

By ensuring that the Martial Union would always fulfill its obligation a bit earlier than the G'ak'arkan Tribe, this possibility was entirely erased.

However, the Martial Union, on the other hand, did not want to give away all of its techniques and then expect the G'ak'arkan Tribe to give up all of its techniques. It was entirely possible that this group of irrational warmongering idiots would decide to renege on their end of the agreement.





Thus both sides agreed to not conduct all the trades simultaneously.

That was why Rui was quite determined to ensure that he got the technique he was looking for in the very first trade that the Martial Union and the G'ak'arkan Tribe conducted.

"Three techniques for one?" She narrowed her eyes as she frowned a bit. "That's too much."

"My technique is that valuable," Rui insisted. "And I'm sure you realize that, especially after learning that I am not a powerful Martial Squire. It makes the technique that much more impressive, does it not?"

She remained silent at his words.

It was true.





She had to reevaluate the value of the technique then and there.

In a way, Rui was glad that she found issues with his personal information since that gave him a good reason to explain the truth while simultaneously making the technique more valuable.

Of course, the technique was even more powerful when he used it with the VOID algorithm to create what he called the Void Pathfinder, but this was just fine too. They would still be gaining a huge boost.

"One of the many good things of the Pathfinder technique is that once mastered, it can be applied to any sound-based technique," Rui informed them. "It can also be applied to lesser degrees that decrease its difficulty. Its value is greater than that of its combat applications. This is quite the fair deal, and I'm sure you realize that."

She remained silent for a few seconds, before sighing and nodding her head. "Fine, the Catastrophic Thundercrack Whiplash, the Dark Abyss Bloodsurge technique, and the Mighty Roar Flash Blast technique in exchange for your Pathfinder technique.

Rui felt a headache just listening to those stupidly long names. Hell, he was surprised she didn't bite her tongue trying to enunciate all of those names so rapidly.





('No technique, no matter how grand and powerful it is, needs such inconveniently long names are absolutely unnecessary!') Rui resolutely declared.

It was then he remembered that he was the one who came up with the names 'Variable Objective Inverse Derivation' algorithm and 'Objectively Derived Accuracy' system.

At that moment, he could not help but feel like a hypocrite.

('…At least I have the decency to make cool-sounding acronyms with them!') Rui nodded to himself.

"Hm? What was that?" Senior Ceeran noticed.

"Ah nothing, since we have come to an agreement on this matter, let us quickly draft the agreement on paper before we begin then," Rui smiled with an encouraging expression.

He wanted to ensure that the deal went through. After all, there was no way he would allow the technique that he wanted to be delayed.

When it came to his Martial Art, he was not a patient man. Waiting for a few weeks before he would have another chance to bargain for it was too much for Rui.

('Also, since the Pathfinder technique is their very first technique, it means I will be teaching and learning simultaneously.') Rui scratched his head at that. That was definitely new for him.ViiSiit n𝒐velb𝒊/n(.)c/(𝒐)m for l𝒂test 𝒏𝒐vels



Chapter 717 Done





They quickly chalked out the first agreement on paper and both sides signed it, making it official.

After that, the dominoes fell one after the other. Rui and Senior K'Mala haggled over the exchanges a lot.

Most of the trades were one technique for another. However, like the first technique, there were techniques that were valuable enough to warrant two techniques from the other side.

However, none of the remaining techniques on either side ended up being exchanged for three techniques.

After a few hours, each of the techniques that both sides wanted and were willing to give had all been traded off in the agreements.

"Huff…" Rui fell back in his seat after the final set of contracts had been drafted and signed. "Finally… It's done."

It had taken a long time to reach here, but finally, he had completed his mission.

('In fact, if not for the fact that I have to pass on my Pathfinder technique, I might have been sent back home,') Rui noted.

After all, Martial Squires were not deployed in areas where their mission was completed and their objectives were satisfied.





"You sound tired," Senior K'Mala snorted mirthfully.

"You have no idea how much we have gone through to obtain this result, K'Mala," Rui sighed, before turning to his two assistants. "Finish all the protocols and the due process surrounding the contracts."

"Yes sir," The two assistant diplomats obediently collected all the documents carefully before leaving the room.

Rui turned back toward K'Mala.

"I still can't believe you're just an immature rank-two Martial Artist," She murmured.

In her mind, Martial Squires who hadn't even spent five years in the Squire Realm were still immature children as far as Martial Squires, the fact that the martial Squire who was so powerful he seemed like he was on the verge of becoming a Martial Senior was actually just one such immature Martial Squire was quite the shock.

"Well, I'll take that as a compliment," Rui shrugged with a wry smile.

"It is a compliment," She insisted. "I'm looking forward to learning that technique of yours."





Rui raised an eyebrow. "You are going to be my student?"

"That's correct," She nodded with a blank expression.

"…"

"…"

Rui wasn't sure whether he ought to laugh or smile.

"Why are you willing to become the student of a Martial Squire?"

She smiled at that question. "Why, did you assume that I was too proud and egotistical just like the other rank three Martial Artists to lower my head to a rank two Martial Artist?"

"…"





"Hmph," She snorted. "I thought so. I am not as block-headed as my brother and the chieftain."

Rui was impressed. He had to admit, that she was definitely more rational than her brother who had dealt with Rui the last time.

"After all, becoming stronger is already so difficult once you reach the third rank… If I want to step into a higher rank, I cannot afford to allow things like pride to get in the way," She sighed.

Rui raised an eyebrow.

This was not an insignificant thing for her to say. This was the first confirmation that Rui had heard from the Martial Tribes of Vilun island that they were aware of the existence of a higher Realm of power.

Rui remained silent as he considered how to respond. He did not want to reveal anything that could potentially give her more information about the Master Realm. Even though he probably knew way less than she did due to her being closer, he had met a few Martial Masters in his life, which she hadn't

If she truly was aiming for the Master Realm, she would definitely try to pry out information surrounding it from him.nÊw st𝒐ries at n𝒐/vel/b/i/n(.)co𝒎

"Be honest," She began as she turned toward him. "Your world… has rank Martial Artists, doesn't it?"





"…"

"You don't have to be so wary. It isn't that difficult to conclude." She sighed. "Less than one out of ten rank-one Martial Artists becomes a rank two Martial Artist, and less than one out of ten rank-two Martial Artists becomes a rank three Martial Artist. You said your world was large. It would logically follow that, given your size, you most likely have many rank-four Martial Artists, maybe even rank five Martial Artists. After all, why else would a rank three Martial Artist like that of yours be dispatched by superiors?"

Rui smiled. "Well, there's good news and bad news. The bad news is that I cannot answer your questions surrounding this topic. The good news is that you are intelligent enough to potentially master the Pathfinder technique. Probably never as good as I have, since I am the creator of the technique who created it to suit my strengths. But still, you will definitely make good use of it as long as you are willing to put yourself through the wringer."

"This isn't the first time I have persevered past a hurdle," She snorted. "I did not reach the third rank by being a quitter."

"I admire that, but do not be too overconfident, I can absolutely assure you that you have never ever come across a technique like this in your entire life, K'Mala."

Rui earnestly warned her about the challenge of mastering the ODA system. He had already laid out the difficulty of the technique more extensively in the documentation that he had provided them, but he was worried that it would perhaps not be enough.

After all, the reason for the difficulty of the Pathfinder technique had to do with the ODA system which was probably unlike anything that they could possibly fathom.

Rui was unable to put into words to explain to someone with zero background in science how difficult it would be to master the ODA system.

On top of that, he had to teach her this in the Vilun dialect. That was torturous. He wasn't sure if he could possibly handle the sheer amount of effort and tutelage that it would require to teach her and ensure that she has mastered it to an adequate degree.



Chapter 718 Education





"Hmph, I'll handle whatever you throw at me," She confidently stated.

The two conversed for a while before she decided to get up and leave. "See you tomorrow morning sharp at the crack of dawn. I can't wait to begin learning this new technique. It'll be fun to have my blood gushing through my body as I push it to the limit."

Rui smiled bitterly as he realized she still had no idea what she was in for.

She would not be pushing her body to the limit any time soon.

Not at all, what she would be pushing to the limit was her mind. In every way possible.

He would be pushing her learning comprehension, her intellect, her memory, and her patience.

She would be learning the classical wave theory from scratch, while he would be giving mini crash courses on the various mathematical concepts that she should be needing to understand the ODA system. This included the entirety of algebra, trigonometry, exponents, calculus, and differential equations, partial and whole, of multiple orders.

There would probably be a lot of other mathematical concepts that she would be involved in that Rui would normally take for granted that she clearly would not know. But he would need to handle that on the run.





This was not going to be easy, several months would most likely go into getting her to understand and master the ODA system.

On the other hand, this process would probably not stretch out for as long as it did in school back on Earth because the objective of her education was highly objective-oriented. He had one goal; to get her to understand and embed the ODA system into her bones.

This meant that educating her was going to be much more straightforward. He wasn't going to give her a shred of knowledge beyond what she needed to know to understand the ODA system.

He could construct her education program to ensure that he was only giving her what was necessary to ensure that she understood what she needed to understand. This way, he could really cut away a lot of the fluff that the education system had when teaching students these concepts.

This way it was more efficient than if he had to start all over.

He shook his head, putting away the thoughts for the time being. He had not needed to go to such lengths when it came to pass the technique on to the Martial Union. The Kandrian Empire just barely possessed enough theoretical scientific advancements that the ODA system was not incomprehensible to them. After all, the mathematics and physics that it relied upon were very far away from cutting-edge theoretical science. The knowledge itself was from the nineteenth and twentieth centuries.

He would need to spend some time today to create an educational training plan for her.





('I should take the advice of Senior Ceeran,') Rui mused.

Senior Ceeran was also trying to master the ODA system, he should consult the man at least once to ensure that there wasn't anything that he should be taking into consideration when accounting for her being a Martial Senior.

('Speaking of which…') Rui's eyes narrowed. ('She said something strange just then.')

Rui recalled her exact words.

(' 'It will be fun to have my blood gushing through my body as I push it to the limit' is what she had said')

They were insignificant in a vacuum.

However, when he contextualized that statement with the insights he had made regarding Martial Seniors and those peculiar glowing veins of those, he couldn't help but wonder if she meant that statement in a more literal way.





His eyes narrowed before his body loosened up, as he shook his head. ('I have a lot of work to do.')

When he returned back to the business of the settlement, he was unsurprised at the positive atmosphere. People greeted him with greater respect and appreciation.

This was especially true in the diplomatic team, that celebrated the most.

"This wouldn't have been possible if you hadn't done your job so perfectly well, sir!" Zeyra had told him when he ran into her once more.

"Good job young man!" Senior Ceeran had told him with an excited grin. "Now I can proceed with obtaining what I have always wanted."

"Neatly executed as always," Kane had given him a thumbs up.

It took him a while before Rui was able to finally get back to his own quarters and relax for a bit.





He looked at his personal accounter as he skimmed through his credit balance.

"As expected," He smiled.

The Martial Union had already deposited a huge sum of money into his account. He bet the second that Zeyra and Stemple had finished the preliminary report of the success of the negotiations and signing of the contracts to the Martial Union, they paid him his due. His official mission was not successful to obtain all the techniques of the G'ak'arkan Tribe.

His official mission was to serve as a diplomat to successfully ensure that the G'ak'arkan Tribe would officially sign the contract agreeing to a number of trades that included all of the techniques of the G'ak'arkan Tribe that they possessed an interest in.

And now, he had very successfully accomplished that goal when all of his predecessors had failed spectacularly.

('Oh, there's another message…') He skimmed through it.Upd𝒂ted chapters 𝒐n n𝒐velbin(.)com

[Squire Rui Quarrier, as per the trade contract between the Martial Union and the G'ak'arkan Tribe featuring an exchange of the techniques Catastrophic Thundercrack Whiplash, Dark Abyss Bloodsurge, and the Mighty Roar Flash Blast of the G'ak'arkan Tribe and the Pathfinder technique of the Martial Union, you will be expected to abide by the terms and conditions of the contract. The royalties surrounding the international distribution of the Pathfinder technique, as per the Martial Art licensing contract, will be credited to your account shortly after the transaction is complete.

-Department of Foreign Affairs]

('Essentially telling me I need to stick around to teach them my technique and will get paid my royalties as agreed.') He mused.



Chapter 719 Supremacist





"And thus… we require you to reign over the settlement for the time being of the exchange…" Martial commissioner Derun told him.

Rui had contacted Martial Commissioner Derun soon after, to find her beaming at him as though she was his aunt.

"You've really managed to cleanly complete this diplomat endeavor that has been plaguing the Department of Foreign Affairs for many years, in just a matter of three months," She sighed in appreciation. "They're quite impressed, so much so that they have insisted on retaining you."

"I've already made my stance on that quite clear, I'm afraid," Rui shook his head.

"And I have conveyed that to them, don't worry," She told him, before turning to Rui. "I forgot to inform you, but your grade will most likely be pushed to grade five."

Rui raised an eyebrow at that.

"You were already quite close, being able to keep up with grade-five Martial Squires quite well, and then you got even stronger. On top of that, your feats in the battles against the K'ulnenTribe are quite impressive."

"I see…" Rui nodded with a smile on his face. "That's very nice to hear."





He had known he could take on grade-five Martial Artists for a while now. Though he wasn't too very hurried with getting the Martial Union to allow him to leave.

After all, he cared more about progressing in his Martial Art than he did care about the fact that he was officially a grade-five Martial Squire.

"Grade five within three years of reaching the quire Realm. That's a record, you know," She glanced at Rui with immense interest.

Rui found the piece of information interesting. Aside from taking a bit of pride in it, however, there wasn't much of a reaction from him.

"Martial Art is not a race, commissioner," Rui replied. "It's a marathon, and you are your only competitor."

"That is remarkably wise coming from a Martial Artist of your inexperience," She mused.

"Normally, it takes thrice as much to make the progress that you have. Your body is that of a grade three Martial Artist, and yet your combat prowess is two grades above your physical limit. That indicates an immensely potent Martial Path and powerful techniques." She remarked. "I've heard that you have expressed interest in one of the techniques of the G'ak'arkan Tribe?"





"Yes," Rui nodded. "I hadn't realized it when I went through the descriptive reports, but actually witnessing it in the flesh was quite revealing. The technique will definitely benefit me a lot just by learning and straightforwardly applying it. However, if I am able to realize my ambitions, then I should be able to progress my Martial Path significantly better."

"That's quite pleasant to hear as an executive of the Martial Union, Squire Quarrier." She smiled. "The growth of all Martial Squires is highly desirable to the Martial Union. We need every ounce of power that we can get our hands on, you see. The greater the power we possess, the greater the ability we have to deal with the greatest threats that lay just beside us…"

Her expression grew intense.

Rui had a strange feeling about those words.

His eyes narrowed. "What… are you referring to?"

"The Royal Family, of course," She replied as though it was the most obvious thing ever. "The very Kandrian government is our enemy that we have no choice but to cooperate within our mutual interests against the other Sage-level super-nations in the geographic vicinity."

Rui furrowed his eyebrows as he felt something was off.



Upd𝒂ted chapters 𝒐n n𝒐velbin(.)com

"…The Kandrian government are our sworn enemies…? Why in the world would you say something like that, if I may ask?"

"That should be obvious by now, am I right?"

"Uh… no?" Rui felt lame saying that, but he was being honest.

"…Martial Artists are humans who have shed a portion of their mortality and surpassed their limits. They have transcended ordinary humanity. How does it make sense for Martial Artists like you to acquiesce to the royal family, who are merely ordinary humans?" She turned towards Rui. "Martial Artists ought to be the ruling class. Anyone who opposes that is an enemy of our civilization and species."

Rui just stared at her for a few seconds, waiting for her to say 'I'm just messing with you lol'.

But it never came.

"Take a look at the Martial Tribes of Vilun Island," She smiled when Rui refused to respond. "Look at how cohesive they are. Look at how united they are. Look at how much loyalty their tribes-folks possess toward their leaders. Ordinary humans cannot convey such natural dominance over others."





Rui furrowed his eyebrows as he realized what was happening.

('She's part of the Martial supremacists!') Rui realized.

He had heard about the political factions that supported the political, socio-cultural, and economic dominance of Martial Artists. He thought he had never run into a single one of them.

Yet he could now see that he had known one for quite some time now. He wondered how such a crazy entered the Martial Union in the first place.

('Well, it is the Martial Union. Pro-Martial Artist sentiment is probably never welcome.') Rui noted belatedly. ('Her political faction is probably an absolute enemy of that of Colonel Geringan's political faction.')

He recalled the Martial colonel who had hired him to train his daughter. The man belonged to the Merger Faction that wanted to fuse the power and resources of the Kandrian Empire and the Martial Union so that they created a single entity that was stronger than the sum of the two individually and separated.

('Is that part of why she had me undertake this mission?') Rui wondered. The Martial Tribes of Vilun island were a good embodiment of her ideals and political beliefs. She took the initiative to introduce him to them.

Rui wondered if that was the motivation for sending him to Vilun Island. There were many ways in which she could influence his view on this matter without directly trying to convince him of her political beliefs.



Chapter 720 Interests





"I'm afraid I don't understand," Rui replied earnestly. Frankly, her extremism was starting to freak him out a bit.

Even if it was a political ideology that benefited Martial Artists, he had to admit that he wasn't particularly drawn in by it. He had never been too into politics, but he believed in the equality of opportunity. However, from what he could see, she definitely did not believe that.

She glanced at him for a few seconds, before opening her mouth. "It comes down to what form of society is best for human civilization."

"And you believe that a Martial Kraterocracy is the best for society?" Rui raised an eyebrow with skepticism.Fị𝒏dd 𝒏ew upd𝒂t𝒆s on n(o)v/e/l𝒃in(.)com

Kraterocracies were systems of governance where power was seized by physical and martial force. There existed nations on the Panama Continent where the head of state was a Martial Artist, and power was distributed via Martial merit.

She simply smiled at his question. "Of the many nations of this world, what form of government, on average, do you think has the most amount of cohesiveness and unity?"

Rui frowned as he considered that question. He didn't know the answer, and he wasn't sure if he was going to like it.

"Of the many forms of government in this world, the kind that harnesses and uses the power and resources of a nation most efficiently are those that are driven by Martial power." She explained. "This is not an argument or a prediction. It is purely an observation, and we have since understood the reasons for this."

She turned toward Rui. "Do you know why this is the case?"

Rui remained silent for a few seconds before sighing. "Martial Artists are one of the main stakeholders of every nation that the head of state and head of government need to appeal to. They are one of the most important interest groups because they possess tremendous Martial power, which translates into political power as long as they are able to unite as a group with baseline common interests. They serve as constraints to leaders of nations since their interests need to be met because if they aren't met, they will either migrate or rebel…"

Martial commissioner Derun nodded appreciatively. "But…?"

"But this doesn't apply to systems of governance where the Martial Artists themselves are the leaders. They are not constrained by themselves, after all. While other forms of governance are constrained by Martial Artists and need to appeal to their interests, sometimes at the cost of their own, Martial leaders do not need to pay such a price since the Martial Artists are the leaders."

She nodded. "Correct, Squire Quarrier. Take a look at our own nation, the Kandrian Empire. The Royal Kandrian family is considerably constrained by the Martial Union. The Kandrian Emperor cannot make unscrupulous legislations that harm the interests of the Kandrian Empire, because the Kandrian government does not possess the ability to enforce legislation that the Martial Union vehemently is opposed to, logistically. That is a tremendous constraint on the Royal family."

Rui listened to her wordlessly. Technically, there wasn't anything false about what she said.

"Yet what if the Kandrian Emperor and other people in positions of power were all the powerful Martial Artists? If they themselves were the rulers, then there would be no powerful Martial Artist interest groups that they would be constrained by, they are that group!"

She turned toward Rui. "When leaders are not the Martial Artists of the group, they are constrained by the latter. It is only when Martial Artists lead a nation that they are unconstrained and unhampered in their mobilization of the power and resources of a country. In other words, only Martial Artists can bring out the true power of human civilization in a sense."

She paused before continuing. "Take for example the Britannian Empire. It is an example of a Martial Kraterocracy, and it also happens to be the most powerful nation in this section of the continent. The Britannian Emperor is the head of state and happens to be the most powerful Martial Artist in this section of the nation. All of the other examples of Martial Kraterocracies are similar, this includes the G'ak'arkan Tribe to a good extent as well. Do you think the tribe would be cohesive if the chieftain was decided by democracy and if there was an ordinary person leading the tribe"

Rui couldn't, in good faith, say no.

"That's partly because their culture would conflict with such a system. It does not mean that such a system is inherently bad," Rui pointed out. "And regarding Martial Artists taking over the legislative branch of any governmental structure, I believe it was you who told me that Martial Artists ought to spend their time training and fighting, as opposed to engaging in non-Martial related work. This seems contradictory to what you're telling me now."

She smiled at his argument. "That is true. However, when I say Martial Artists ought not to spend much time on matters unrelated to Martial Art, I mean quite literally time spent on it. It is possible to be in positions of power while not having to engage in administrative or bureaucratic work. There is one such example right before your eyes."

Rui had already known what she was talking about. "The Martial Union…"

"Correct," She smiled. "The ultimate positions of power are held by Martial Artists, and most of the bureaucratic and management work is handled by executives like myself, who can entirely be dismissed from our positions of power the moment our Martial Artist superiors deem so. In this way, they can maintain power over a large organization while still not being swamped with executive duties. Senior Ceeran has spent months away from the Martial Union while still retaining his position of power within our Department of Research and Development, has he not?"

Rui nodded.

He had to admit that there was the logical foundation in her arguments. Their disagreement was more fundamental than that. He had to admit that the Martial commissioner had a point though.



