Chapter 2090  Experience



"Huff…" Rui sat on the ground after the final battle against Master Moirin of the Poison Sect. The other five Martial Masters arrived at the two of them.

"Congratulations on your spectacular performance, Your Highness," Master Vertol wished him. "With this track record, there is no doubt that you are a high-grade Martial Master. It is truly unprecedented for a Martial Master to reach this level of power so quickly after reaching the Master Realm."

"Thank you, Master Vertol." Rui smiled. "Still…"

He gazed at his hands, "…I'm not satisfied with my current level of power. I look forward to training and growing stronger."

One of the Masters shook her head in mild disapproval. "You need more experience, Your Highness. You have less than twenty-five years of experience as a Martial Artist. That is extremely low for a Martial Artist. It isn't as obvious how much you're lacking it, but you would not have lost your battle against me or Master Vertol if you had had, say, twice the amount of experience than you do now."

Rui gazed at her deeply. She was Master Dorin of the Sword Sect. She had managed to emerge victorious against him in a pyrrhic battle.

Her victory against him gave her words more weight.

"Had you had more experience, you would not have fallen for Master Vertol's trap," another Martial Master explained. "You lack the intuition that comes with fighting as many battles as we have."

Rui knew the importance of experience better than anyone else. Ever since he had begun walking the path of a Martial Artist, the Adaptive Evolution model of Earth had grown entirely incompatible with this new world. This model allowed him to know what counter-move was the most optimal response to his opponent's predicted move.

Yet, in this world that allowed for supernatural Martial Art by Earth's standards, the inherited Adaptive Evolution Model had grown more obsolete.

Rui had instead been compensating with intuition and instinct, which were ultimately bolstered by experience, to know what the most optimal counter-moves were.

That was why experience was so important in general, but also to him specifically.

The mind as a whole had immense pattern recognition capabilities that allowed it to soak experience over time and turn it into intuition and instinct that often moved much faster than thought.

Rui had felt just as they did when he had sparred with Mana and Max.

They had been simply transparent to him without even the slightest hesitation.

He imagined it was a much lesser version of what happened between him and the Martial Masters due to the fact that he was very deviant in many ways.

'That was the reason that the two of them could not allow one more of me.'

Rui had simply fallen behind in that regard. Even then, the difference wasn't the most evident due to the fact that he had powerful thoughts, and the experience gap was never that large in the Squire Realm and, to a greater extent, the Senior Realm.

But, the difference was jarringly larger in the Master Realm.

He was dealing with veterans who had centuries of experience as Martial Artists through some of the most violent phases in the Age of Martial Art.

On top of that, they had gained significant proficiency with thought as well. Thus, the thought advantage that Rui had was no longer as unchallenged as it was in the lower Realms while the experience gap only grew wider.

Thus, immediately in his first few battles, his peers were able to point out his shortcomings.

Not all of them were of the opinion that he ought to prioritize it above training.

"It is true that your experience is lacking," another Martial Master added. "However, that is not something that can be strengthened artificially. It is not as though you can fight a hundred battles in a single day. In that case, it would be better to direct your efforts where they make the most impact."

Rui nodded in agreement.

Those were his thoughts as well.

He couldn't accelerate his experience too much under normal circumstances at the present. Thus, he was more inclined to continue on the path that he had set for himself.

He thanked the Martial Masters for their time, services, and advice before taking his leave.

He already knew what he had to do.

"Tsk, still some stuff to do before I can jump into training," he tutted with irritation.

Unfortunately, he had promised his father he would cooperate with the transfer of power. As much as he wanted to just dive into training, he still had some final obligations to engage in. It was the final step, and he was done with ever taking center stage in politics again.

Once this was done, he could leave everything to his father, as it should have been in the first place. He had already begun planning his next training.

In his prior conversations with Masters and Sages, he knew that there were a few primary avenues that he could consider.

The first was his lack of offense, of course, but he also intended to kill two birds with one stone by making it hyper-synergetic with his system of thought. These were the two primary steps that he intended to take as a Martial Master. It might very well be one of the most powerful techniques that he would ever create if he could satisfy the latter condition. His Martial Mind being as powerful as it was meant that anything that synergized with it extremely well would become a formidable force unto itself. Flux Earther and the Phantom Step had not been created by Rui to synergize with his systems of thought, yet preparation and foreknowledge allowed for a far superior execution of both techniques. n/ô/vel/b//jn dot c//om

He couldn't even imagine how powerful a technique that was designed to synergize with his Martial Mind would be. The synergy would most likely reach a level of power that far exceeded anything he had ever created in his life.

Just the very thought of it excited him deeply.

-



Chapter 2091  Address and Compensation



A large number of people had gathered in a conference hall, garbed in business attire.

None of them wore a pleasant expression on their face.

The various Kandrian stakeholders, patrons, and benefactors of the Rui Faction had indeed promptly accepted the invitation to a conference address from Rui himself, but his words no longer mattered all that much.

With the return of the Emperor of Harmony, Rui would most certainly no longer be the Emperor.

Even if he did, it would be in a distant future after the Emperor of Harmony finally croaked. This was no longer happening soon since he had access to all the longevity potions in the world. At the very least, he was going to live for a few more centuries.

It didn't matter what words of encouragement or consolation Rui was undoubtedly going to give them. The fact of the matter was that they had made major investments in his campaign and had now lost all their bets big time.

Their attention shifted as Rui walked on stage to the podium. Much to his disdain, he needed to go through one final time of intensive grooming, wearing stuffy formal Martial attire.

One last time.

"Ladies and gentlemen."

His powerful voice spread across the entire conference hall.

"Patrons and benefactors of the Rui Faction."

He addressed all of them.

"…Much has happened since our last meeting."

That was an understatement.

"Much that needs to be addressed." Rui closed his eyes. "Many of you have undoubtedly heard the rumor that I have broken through to the Master Realm." n/o/vel/b//in dot c//om

Not a single one of them had missed the rumor.

Many of them had already confirmed the rumor through their contacts in the Martial Union and other intelligence sources.

"It is the truth," Rui declared. "I truly am now a Martial Master."

A wave of murmurs spread through his faction as they finally received official confirmation of this truth as Rui announced his Masterhood to the world for the first time. Now that he had officially made the announcement, he had put himself on a clock.

He would need to visit the Panamic Martial Federation and partake in it as a member. He had already been informed of the initiation where he would be enlightened about some of the high-minded secrets of Martial Art and of humanity the moment he officially announced his Masterhood.

Yet, that wasn't his focus at the moment.

"I'm sure this came as pleasant news to those of you who came to learn of it beforehand," Rui stated knowingly. "I'm sure many of you were excited at the prospect of me gaining even more undivided support and allegiance as a Martial Master."

That was true.

Had Rui ascended the throne as a powerful Martial Master, he would have had extraordinary political influence. Even the Martial Union would have entirely fallen in line due to that.

He would have had absolute, unshakable support from every facet of Kandria. He would most likely have had an even firmer grip over the nation than even his father ever had.

This was why his faction had been excited. It meant that Rui would be able to accomplish more and then pay them back better for their support.

That was why what had followed had shaken them so much.

"…Unfortunately, I cannot ascend the throne."

A dark silence lingered in the air as he iterated the obvious.

"My father lives." Rui's eyes swept across the crowd. "While I certainly never wished him ill and mourned for the condition that he was in, it truly pains me that I was deprived of my greatest ambition…!"

His tone reflected his bitterness.

Fake bitterness, of course.

"All those months and years of hard work…" Rui shook his head. "All gone to waste."

His gaze returned to his faction.

"All of your investment and support have been in vain, and for that, I am deeply sorry."

His faction thought he was apologizing merely to express his regrets.

They didn't realize that Rui was genuinely apologizing for causing his father to be healed.

And they never would.

"I intend to compensate each and every single one of you for everything that you have done for me."

Their eyes widened with surprise as Rui's words reached them.

They did not expect any compensation.

They made donations and investments voluntarily, with some promised returns upon Rui's reign, but if his reaching the throne was impossible, then they were completely dead in water with absolutely no avenue to seek recompense.

"I intend to repay each and every single member of this conference hall for all their contributions to my faction."

They stared at him bewildered.

"Every coin of gold, every resource and service, every ounce of capital will be refunded to each and every single one of you."

None of them could bring themselves to believe such an absurd claim.

It would be unprecedented as far as campaigns went.

Each and every single one of them had invested with the very clear understanding that they would not be receiving a single iota of what they had invested.

Yet, they had done so anyway due to the high prospects of Rui winning the Kandrian Throne War, which he did. But even after it had turned out to be in vain, Rui completely upended their expectations with a promise to repay them.

"In return," Rui continued, "I have only one request. Once more, please support my father as the Emperor of Kandria. If there is anyone who deserves it, it is him rather than me. It is he who single-handedly elevated Kandria to the pinnacle of human civilization through his genius as a politician. Each and every single one of you is undoubtedly aware of everything he has done for this nation. I have no doubt that each and every single one of you has benefited from his work more than words can describe."

His supporters stirred at his words.

They rang true.

"From a business perspective, you know better than me that a leader with brilliance proven beyond all doubt is far better than someone with no prior experience in politics."

Rui's gaze swept across them.

"I hope that all of you will make the right choice."

-



Chapter 2092  Purposeful Visit



"Huff…" Rui heaved a tired sigh. He had finally completed his final obligation as the leader of his faction. His stakeholders had been stunned by the fact that he was planning to go through with something that extravagant as compensating all of them.

In fact, many of them secretly had their own doubts in regards to whether Rui would actually go through with his promise.

After all, politicians were nothing if not remiss in their promises.

Rui didn't care what they thought.

They would know that he was telling the truth when they saw the money enter their accounts.

"It's all up to you now," he muttered, thinking about his father.

He had done his part. He had already instructed his administration to coordinate with the Emperor so that he didn't have to look into the matter whatsoever. Rui had also passed to his father information packages that conveyed everything he understood about the treasures that he had brought back home.

This way, his father could seamlessly take over their management, including things like the Elder Tree connections and the alien lifeform.

Now, Rui didn't need to think about any of it.

"Except for the Divine Doctor, I suppose," Rui muttered.

That was something that was stuck to him.

On top of that, now that his father's recovery was complete, the doctor was entitled to collect his payment—limited access to the Elder Tree connection, which could not be applied at the moment, or his grandmother's prophecy.

Rui also had some other requests for the Divine Doctor to fulfill sooner rather than later.

"Best to get it done before I jump into my next training phase."

Rui knew himself all too well.

The moment he entered training, everything else would cease to matter. He would single-mindedly focus on getting stronger. n/o/vel/b//in dot c//om

He had already handled the biggest matter at hand regarding his faction.

"Mikhaela," he addressed his chief of staff, "I have some business to attend to. I'll leave the rest to your discretion."

"Understood, sir."

He immediately left for the Kandrian Institute of Biotechnology.

"Understood, sir."

He immediately left for the Kandrian Institute of Biotechnology.

It wasn't long before he found himself in the top-secret lab, facing the Divine Doctor.

The man was buried in the study of a sample underneath an esoteric microscope of sorts.

"Fascinating…" the man murmured to himself as he made mental notes in his mind palace. "Doctor Kar."

Rui gently tried to extricate the man from his research.

If he did hear Rui, then he certainly didn't seem to care, for he didn't so much as acknowledge Rui's presence.

Rui could relate to but not accommodate his antics.

He gently bent heaven and earth, turning the man in his direction.

The Divine Doctor certainly did not like that.

"Unless you are planning on fulfilling your end of the agreement, I can assure you that my work is more important than whatever reason that you have forcefully gathered my attention for."

Rui stared at him for a moment.

He had not forgotten the fact that he had promised the Divine Doctor that he would help the man with his diagnosis of Gaia.

"I won't be commencing that any time soon," Rui calmly replied. "As agreed, I have no constraints or conditions to fulfill your commission."

"Then why are you here?"

"Several things," Rui began. "Now that my father has reawakened, he will take over the management of our deal and will readily fulfill my end of the bargain on my behalf. You can apply for the prophecy of the Silas Clan anytime. The Elder Tree connection will take time."

The Divine Doctor shrugged nonchalantly. "I do not require them at the moment. Rather than using them when I do not really require them, I shall save them for a moment when I truly need one of them."

Rui stirred, accepting his decision.

Although he would rather that the Divine Doctor use them sooner than later, he didn't mind it.

"Alright." Rui shrugged, glancing at the sample the Divine Doctor was studying.

"…How is progress going?"

The Divine Doctor's empty eyes lit up with interest. "It truly is entirely unlike anything that I have ever seen. This creature possesses a micro-biology that is unlike anything that I have ever come across in my entire life. Unlike virtually all life in the world, this creature is not composed of multiple cells." Rui's eyes widened with shock. "…What?"

"It is effectively a single-celled organism!" the Divine Doctor exclaimed. "Thus far, I have determined that the creature is composed of countless layers that are chemically homogenous across each of themselves."

Rui turned to face the alien flora lifeform. "It's made up of layers rather than individual cells…?"

"Incredible, isn't it?" The Divine Doctor turned to face the creature. "It is possible that the native world of this creature supports an entire Tree of Life that is exclusively composed of layer-based life rather than cell-based life. An entirely different model of complex life!"

Rui grew stunned at the Divine Doctor's explanation.

It was truly astounding to know that such a radically different form of lifeform could possibly exist. Rui would be lying if he said that the scientist in him was not deeply curious about this alien life.

It was also no wonder that the Tree of Life model in his Martial Mind instantly deemed the alien flora lifeform creature foreign to the Gaian Tree of Life. It was so radically different on a fundamental basis from pretty much all lifeforms in the Gaian Tree of Life.

Yet, while the scientist in him was curious to know more, the Martial Artist urged that he finish with business.

"That's nice and all, but I need you to come with me. There is a person who requires your services direly."

The Divine Doctor snorted. "That is an entirely meaningless statement. Everyone is in dire need of my services. Gaia is just the most important patient of them all. I'd rather you not impede my time in diagnosing her at all."

"That's not part of our agreement," Rui reminded him.



Chapter 2093  Return



The Gatekeeper opened his eyes slowly.

He saw an indistinct ceiling and heard indistinct murmuring.

His attention was hazy, yet he could instinctively tell that a long time had passed since he had last been awake.

His eyes turned to his side, only to find himself gazing at the man he had seen before collapsing.

His consciousness was jolted as he felt the young man's aura.

It was that of a Martial Master.

"I see…" he whispered. "…I have slumbered for long."

What he last recalled was a young man who was surely a Martial Senior. The fact that Rui stood before him as a Martial Master undoubtedly meant that decades had passed since he had last fallen asleep.

"It's been three years since we last met, Sir Armstrong."

The old man's eyes widened with shock.

"Calm down." Rui could directly feel the immense emotion that this revelation had inspired within him. "You've just recovered; it would be wise not to stress yourself."

"That is correct."

Another voice drew his attention.

"I would be deeply displeased if the patient that the little inheritor had me step away from my research for my patient to die anyway," the Divine Doctor complained.

The Gatekeeper did not know who the man was despite recognizing him as his savior.

"…Thank you." He tried getting up slowly. "Thank you for sa—"

"An ordinary medical team should be able to handle the rest." The Divine Doctor huffed at Rui, leaving the room.

Rui smiled wryly at the Divine Doctor as his gaze returned to Sir Armstrong. "Don't mind him; he doesn't do bedside manners all that well. I have already arranged for another medical team to take over your recovery."

"…Impropriety is hardly a price for the gift of life." He gazed at his hands. "I feel remarkably good."

Rui smiled. "I hired the best of the best."

"…You have my gratitude, Void Prince," the Gatekeeper remarked. "I verily offer my congratulations on your breakthrough to the Master Realm despite ascending the throne. It seems that you have not let the latter impede your progress as a Martial Artist. That is quite remarkable."

Rui's smile grew wryer. "I didn't ascend the throne."

The Gatekeeper furrowed his eyebrows in confusion.

"Emperor Rael Di Kandria has recovered from the Eternal Dream Disease and has now returned to the throne."

Realization dawned on the Gatekeeper at those words. "You have been busy the past three years."

Rui shrugged nonchalantly. "I suppose that is true."

The Gatekeeper's attention returned to his hands. "I do not consider myself worthy of such a service."

Rui shook his head at those words.

"You have made many contributions to the Kandrian Empire."

That was undeniably a fact. Aside from Rui himself, there probably had not been any Martial Senior that had made as much of an impact on the Kandrian Empire as the Gatekeeper.

"And there are still contributions that you can make even now."

The Gatekeeper raised an eyebrow.

"The training technique that you used to integrate the Hungry Pain technique into your body," Rui reminded him. "That is a technique that the Kandrian Empire could really use."

He recalled how the Gatekeeper had told him about how he had managed to integrate Rui's Hungry Pain into his body despite the fact that it had been created long after his Martial Body.

"I have always shared all my techniques with the Kandrian Empire, but…" The Gatekeeper shook his head. "That technique is something that will take a lot of time. Most will not be willing to waste all that time to fall behind their peers. I did it because I had already explored all other paths to their conventional limits. But in this case, it was entirely uncharted territory, allowing me to make a lot of gains."

Rui smirked. "You don't have to worry about time. We will get lots of it soon."

The Gatekeeper frowned at his words, unsure of what they meant.

"That's for later, of course," Rui explained. "You've been healed from the damage you took from your forbidden technique, but you will still need time to recover to your peak from years of being in a coma. Also, ideally, never use that technique again."

Rui still wasn't sure why the Gatekeeper felt the need to deploy such an absurdly dangerous technique in a duel, but he understood that this was a hardcore man whose decisions were not necessarily guided by the cost-benefit analysis.

However, he did look forward to getting the training technique that the man used to retroactively integrate the Hungry Pain into his Martial Body.

When combined with the time-accelerated dungeon, that technique could be used to upgrade all techniques in Kandria.

In addition, it was possible that they could deploy the Divine Doctor to reduce the time needed to integrate the Hungry Pain into the Martial Bodies of the Kandrian Empire. This would ultimately benefit Kandria greatly in the war, and his father's ambitions would inevitably trigger this.

Rui also considered informing the Martial Union that he had cracked the secrets of the Yin-Yang Shield.

For now, however, he was inclined to keep it to himself until he was able to provide concrete results. Just as with the Hungry Pain technique, he didn't just hand it in immediately and only did so after he got everything that he needed. n/ô/vel/b//jn dot c//om

He also had some ideas in regard to how he could utilize some of its principles to solve some of his problems; thus, he intended to spend a lot of time experimenting with the principles of the technique so that he could make it his own.

He had previously been uninspired for exactly what projects to embark on to solve some of his greatest problems. However, ever since his battle with Master Vertol where he faced the Yin-Yang Shield technique, he had some exciting ideas.

"I look forward to pursuing physical evolution once I have recovered."

The Gatekeeper's voice broke Rui out of his reverie.

"You'll have the chance to do just that," Rui assured him.

-



Chapter 2094  Heavy Hitter



Once a dedicated medical team began helping the Gatekeeper return to his peak, Rui bade the man farewell.

"I shan't forget my debt to you, Void Prince. Rest assured, I shall repay you for this boon one day," he solemnly swore to Rui before the latter departed. Rui left him to his own devices.

His road to rehabilitation wouldn't be easy, considering his age and just how absurd his recovery process would be.

There was a price to pay for healing from the Divine Doctor, of course.

First, the Emperor was healed from an incurable disease.

And now, the Gatekeeper was suddenly healed from a grave condition.

This alone was far from enough to conclude anything, but it was the start of a pattern.

Rui knew that any further application of the Divine Doctor's services needed to be limited until after his father regained all his political power. He would be entering risky territory otherwise. He knew that he had already attracted the attention of the three Sage-level powerhouses that rivaled Kandria.

He would need to wait until his father chalked up an elaborate long-term grand plan for the elevation of Kandria above all others.

Until then, everything needed to stay below the radar.

He heaved a sigh, shaking his head lightly as he went through his to-do list to make sure he hadn't missed anything.

"Divine Doctor stuff; check. Elder Tree stuff; check. Alien lifeform stuff; check. Faction stuff; check. Martial Union stuff; check…" He pondered about what he had yet to do. "Panamic Martial Federation stuff is still in the air, but…"

This was not something that required his immediate attention.

The Panamic Martial Federation obligation was not a formal obligation but a semi-formal one. In addition, the time constraints were rather lax.

Martial Masters were busy, after all, especially soon after they broke through.

"I'll leave it for later."

He would be lying if he said he wasn't interested and curious about what the Panamic Martial Federation had to say.

This was an organization founded by and constituted of Martial Artists and Martial Artist-led organizations for the sake of furthering the collective interest of Martial Artists and Martial Art. This meant that the Britannian Empire, which was an unshakable Martialocracy, was officially recognized as a part of the Panamic Martial Federation, but the Kandrian Empire, Republic of Gorteau, and the Sekigahara Confederate weren't.

This was an organization founded by and constituted of Martial Artists and Martial Artist-led organizations for the sake of furthering the collective interest of Martial Artists and Martial Art. This meant that the Britannian Empire, which was an unshakable Martialocracy, was officially recognized as a part of the Panamic Martial Federation, but the Kandrian Empire, Republic of Gorteau, and the Sekigahara Confederate weren't.

Rui could choose to partake in it as an independent Martial Artist or as a member of the Martial Union, which represented its own power bloc within the power dynamics of the association.

While he did not intend to ignore it, it was simply not a high priority at the moment. In fact, there was almost nothing that was as high of a priority as taking his first step as a Martial Master.

It was finally time to commence his first training phase as a Martial Master.

He had already booked a rather large training Master-level chamber in Daracol.

Daracol was reserved for all things related to Martial Masters.

While many nations simply couldn't afford to have Martial Artists of the Upper Realms train within their borders, the Kandrian Empire and the Martial Union had reserved large swathes of the land solely for the training of Martial Masters and even Martial Sages to a limited degree.

As a Martial Master, Rui simply couldn't train in population centers. The risks were too high.

All it took was one mistake for millions of people to be exposed to a Martial Embodiment, causing mass mental damage. That was even more true for Rui; a single glance at his Martial Embodiment would spell brain death for everybody who beheld him. "Please let me know if you need anything, Your Mastery."

Rui nodded at the assistant outside of his large training chamber.

CLACK.

The gates were shut, leaving him all to himself.

The moment he was alone, he dove into his mind in regard to how he wanted to spend the next few years training.

"…I'll undertake one project this time."

He wanted to produce an outcome that was extremely refined and of the supremely highest quality that he was able to muster. He had much cognitive room for more active techniques ever since he broke through to the Master Realm, but he didn't want to saturate it with sub-optimal techniques.

Because he was young, he knew he could develop powerful techniques in a fraction of the time that it took others. Thus, he was far more concerned about making sure that the quality of his martial art remained extremely high, especially since there were no areas in which he lacked a foundation.

"Offense is important enough to have my full undivided attention and effort."

With that decision in place, he was ready to get started on his next training phase, one that was dedicated solely to bolstering his lack of conventional offense.

"Project Heavy Hitter." The name of the project signified its objective. He needed something that bolstered his offense heavily and synergized extremely well with his Martial Mind and systems of thought. It would most likely mean that he would not be able to use the technique too well without his Martial Mind, but with it, he would gain the tremendous finishing power that he had always lacked for some time now.

Prior to his battle with Master Vertol, he had had some tentative avenues that he could pursue, but after he had been exposed to the astronomical power of the Yin-Yang Shield that made it a grade-ten technique in the first place, he knew that he wanted to explore its principles and see if they could be adapted to offense. n/ô/vel/b//in dot c//om

The reason he saw much potential in this avenue of pursuit was because the Yin-Yang Shield was able to exert a terrifying amount of damage despite being defensive in nature. Thus, how much damage would it be able to exert if its principles were leveraged specifically for the sake of offense?

It was something that he could not even begin to imagine.

It was a thought that excited him.

-



Chapter 2095  Vibrations



Rui had very specific ideas regarding what directions he wanted to explore.

The Yin-Yang Shield had earned his fascination and his awe.

Perhaps it was not the objectively best option that was at his disposal.

But it didn't matter. Even if there was an option out there that would have yielded a better return on investment, he had already decided that he was going to pursue this particular avenue.

"Vibrations…" he pondered out loud.

It was a phenomenon that he had long grown familiar with.

Many of his techniques were based on it in some way or another on vibrations.

His Mighty Roar Flash Blast technique was inherited from the G'ar'arkan Tribe to the Reverberating Lance that he had mastered from the database. He had also developed a large number of his own vibration techniques from scratch.

Techniques like Sympathetic Death Lance and its cousin Death's Sympathy, Transverse Resonance, and domain techniques like Sonic Singularity, and even his most recent developments like Muspelheim and Niflheim made sophisticated implementations of vibrations.

In other words, he was deeply familiar with applying it as a principle in his techniques and Martial Art. n/o/vel/b//in dot c//om

That was why he was also confident of being able to crack how the technique worked and apply it in a manner that would not only supply him with an offense that was not only powerful but synergized extremely well with his Martial Mind.

Of course, the Yin-Yang Shield was a technique that utilized vibrations to an extremely high degree. So much so that Rui could confidently say that none of his prior techniques in that regard could match it.

It was a technique that utilized constructive and destructive resonance to achieve results that would be otherwise impossible. It was unfortunate that he did not have access to the super secret training technique of the Gen Temple. He was truly curious what exactly the Sage-level powerhouse had actually done to make the otherwise difficult technique easy to master.

Regardless, he was certain that he would have to toil to ensure that he was able to realize the technique.

It was nothing out of the norm for him.

"I have already nailed a part of the technique down…" he realized. His mastery of Reverberating Lance meant that he could probably skip one step of the training process.

"But Reverberating Lance isn't enough," he mused. "I need to master the internal vibrations that Master Vertol used."

The issue was that he didn't have a fully clear picture of precisely what Master Vertol did to produce the internal vibrations while using the technique. This part alone was difficult enough to be its own technique worth of training.

And that would just be the preliminary. He would then need to apply his mastery of internal and external vibrations to master constructive and destructive resonance.

"Leave it to a grade-ten technique to be difficult."

Regardless, he was confident that he would be able to reach that part as long he mastered internal vibrations.

"I'm not entirely sure of what comprises of the sources of the internal vibrations."

He was fairly certain that the diaphragm was a part of it due to observing the patterns in Master Vertol's technique. Yet, there were additional sources of vibrations within the body that could serve as potential power sources of the technique.

"Cells," he murmured, growing more engrossed in his line of thought.

All cells vibrated and oscillated with an inherent metabolical frequency about them. These vibrations were produced as a result of the metabolism of the cell; they were the product of the exothermic reaction of each cell producing energy that it needed.

In other words, it was leftover energy that was naturally wasted due to inefficiency on a biochemical level.

"What if I could tap into the power of each and every cell?"

It was a novel idea.

Of course, in a sense, it was already true.

The human body made use of each and every cell for an umpteen number of reasons. However, what if the Yin-Yang Shield made use of the metabolic frequency of each and every cell?

Rui was unable to conceive of any other source of energy that would explain why the Yin-Yang Shield technique was as powerful as it was.

After all, the power of the diaphragm and that of the muscular system was routinely utilized in techniques. If it had just been those two, then the Yin-Yang Shield technique would not be as powerful as it was.

Thus, Rui was able to infer additional sources of energy that empowered the technique.

He postulated that it had something to do with the metabolic vibrations of each cell for several reasons.

"It's a source of the same kind of energy that the technique uses."

That was the reason he strongly suspected that the Yin-Yang Shield techniques were derived from this untapped source of power. It would also be the third source of power in his vision of Project Heavy Hitter.

Or, at least, he would do his best to ensure that it worked out that way.

"I'll need to dedicate an entire phase of the training session to this part." He frowned. "I have absolutely no idea what the model of the technique will look like."

This was unusual because, normally, the principles and mechanics of the technique served the broader technique template. This time, however, Rui had already decided on the underlying principles of the technique without actually formulating the broader framework.

It was a bottom-up approach that ran contrary to his normal top-down approach.

Yet, he was still firmly certain of his choices.

"Now the question is how I am going to use the 'Yin' and 'Yang' vibrations to form an offensive technique."

He wanted his technique to have a lot of innate offensive power, which was taken care of by the fact that the technique's source of power was what made the Yin-Yang Shield technique so powerful.

Secondly, he wanted the technique to have a powerful synergy with his systems of thought to elevate its effective output to a higher dimension of power.

-



Chapter 2096  Fleshed Framework



Synergy with Martial Mind meant something very specific in the context of Rui's Martial Mind.

It meant a technique that grew more powerful the more foreknowledge of its execution that the user had. It could also mean a technique that was extremely powerful innately but required some amount of foreknowledge of execution.

Phantom Step was nothing too special by itself, but it had an extremely high affinity with the VOID algorithm and the SOUL System, allowing it to function as a powerful grade-ten technique when he used it with his Martial Mind..

Flux Earther fell into a similar category, although it was an inherently stronger technique.

For Project Heavy Hitter, Rui knew that it would most certainly be far more synergetic simply based on how the Yin-Yang Shield technique worked. Master Vertol needed to keep the technique active because otherwise, he would not be able to use it to defend in time against attacks.

This was because the technique had a timeframe of activation that was not quick enough for rapid activation on and off.

Rui knew that his technique would most likely inherit the same shortcoming.

This was where his Martial Mind came in. Because of the deep insight into the future that his Martial Mind gave him, he could adaptively evolve his timing to ensure the technique activated on time.

"Thus, Project Heavy Hitter fulfills both conditions that I have set for it."

It was not only very powerful innately but worked far better with his Martial Mind than his defense or maneuvering did.

Having confirmed that the project met the standards that he had set for it, he could now begin fleshing out the theoretical framework of the functioning of the technique. While he had decided to rely on the underlying principles of the Yin-Yang Shield technique, those were merely underlying. They did not create a technique by themselves and he still needed to flesh out exactly how the technique would function.

"In some sense, this project will bear some resemblance to Reverberating Lance."

After all, both techniques would inflict damage via vibrations, it was just that this technique would be exponentially more powerful and would also rely on his Martial Mind.

"It also is a far superior version of Outer Convergence."

While the latter gathered power across all muscle groups in the Body, the former would be doing that but with each cell.

"The technique would commence when I begin the internal yin vibrations and external yang vibrations," Rui closed his eyes as he began visualizing the technique. "I'll need to balance the frequency and phase of the two sources of vibrations to ensure that they're in destructive resonance until the moment of impact."

If they didn't negate each other in destructive interference until the last moment, then his body would be vibrating with far too much energy, making motion much too impeded. He assumed this was part of the reason that the Gen Temple had introduced the concept of destructive interference in the first place.

Perfect destructive superposition would silence all the vibrations until the very moment they were needed by having two sets of vibrations cancel each other out.

This exact same principle was used in some aircrafts in cutting-edge vibration systems. By relying on acoustic and magnetics, the immense turbulence that these vehicles experience was negated entirely.

The vibrations weren't needed until the attack actually landed on his opponent. Thus, he needed to keep them in a state of destructive resonance before shifting to constructive resonance at the moment of attack so that both vibrations were combined into a single super vibration that would inflict a tremendous impact on his opponent. n/ô/vel/b//in dot c//om

This was the broad function of the technique that he had in mind. It bore a lot of resemblance to the Yin-Yang Shield, but there were many major differences.

"This technique will need to involve directing vibrations in a particular direction, namely; that target of my attack."

Unlike the Yin-Yang Shield technique, this technique inherently required direction. He wanted the sum weight of both the Yin-Yang vibrations to flow into the body of his opponent in one go.

Thus, he would also need to master not only the generation of Yin vibrations but also their direction.

He was not making it easy on himself.

Mastering the underlying principles of the technique was hard enough, but complicating them with an additional variable was something that only increased the probability of his failure.

Yet, if he succeeded…

"The results will be on another level."

The power of the technique would most likely outstrip even the Muspelheim and Niflheim domains or at least match them. The difference was that all that power was dispersed over a large amount of area, while the technique of his current project could be focusing it into a single attack at a single point.

It was more than capable of fixing any offensive shortcomings.

That was the reason that he was intent on going all out with the project.

If successful, it could make his offense the strongest field in one go.

"Now, time to flesh out the training regime for this project."

This was the hardest part of this project.

It was coming with some form of training that could allow him to master the technique.

Thankfully, he had some ideas.

"I can use domains to train my yin vibrations."

He had already discovered that domains were highly effective training tools that could be used to train things that would otherwise require some highly advanced training resources from the Martial Union.

"Sonic Singularity and Death's Sympathy are good ways of training my offense."

These two techniques were powerful sound-based techniques that could help him master his generation and manipulation of yin vibrations.

They would serve as good resistance training.

He could begin slowly by using Sonic Singularity at one-percent power and subjecting himself to it. Then he could work on negating the vibrations of the domain with that of his yin vibrations.

This way he would be able to refine it step by step.





Chapter 2097  Training Difficulties



Each time he grew comfortable with negating a level of power of Sonic Singularity, he would increase the power of the domain by one percent, thereby increasing the difficulty of negating the vibrations of the technique through his yin vibrations.

Over time, hopefully, he would be able to negate the domain at full power, and that was when the yin mastery phase of the training would be completed.

The Death's Sympathy technique could allow him to project power into his body. This was perfect for training his yin vibrations because they, too, were present in the body. Thus, he could surgically exercise them with this technique.

The yin mastery in and of itself was worthy of being labeled grade-ten.

Yet it was merely the first phase.

He had yet to create a training technique for the combination of yin and yang. After all, the technique was entirely centered around their constructive and destructive fusion. That was a training phase that was also extremely difficult in and of itself.

Based on his experiences with constructive resonance during the creation of Transverse Resonance, he knew that dealing with resonance and superposition was extremely difficult. It had taken him a long time to develop the muscle memory for the constructive superposition of sound bullets.

This time, he was attempting to master constructive resonance and superposition inside his body from two different sources.

That was far more difficult than anything he had ever done in regard to sound.

He would need to spend a lot of time developing muscle memory for both forms of resonance inside his body, and, more importantly, he would need to develop muscle memory for switching rapidly between them.

If he was a moment too late with the shift from destructive resonance to constructive resonance at the moment of impact, then the technique would be ineffective since the vibrations would have canceled each other out. n/ô/vel/b//jn dot c//om

If he was too early, then the vibrations would merge into a super vibration before the moment of impact, impeding his motion with severe vibrational turbulence.

Thus, this technique inherently had an extremely high floor for precision and accuracy of timing.

Precisely the kind of technique that synergized extraordinarily well with his systems of thought. However, he would need to train to ensure that his timing of the technique activation was impeccable.

As long as he managed to complete all these difficult and tedious training phases, he would successfully complete Project Heavy Hitter.

Perhaps other Martial Artists would despair under the sheer difficulty of mastering a technique like this, but Rui grew only excited.

After all, generally, the more difficult a technique, the greater its gains. With the sheer amount of difficulty that this technique posed, he knew that he would be receiving some extraordinary fruits upon its attainment.

The immense power that this technique would give him was game-changing. As long as he was able to do that, his offense would never ever suffer a shortcoming ever again.

If anything, he would need to start worrying about his maneuvering and defense once his offense skyrocketed. He would no longer need to rely on convoluted and sub-optimal strategies just because he lacked the finishing power to put his opponents down for good.

In fact, conventional wisdom for certain battle paradigms could even be flipped on its head due to the technique being powerful enough to single-handedly overcome others.

Furthermore, he would also be taking a small but necessary step towards his pursuit of a higher Realm. The project fulfilled increasing the synergy between Art and Mind, which was a path that all Masters inevitably needed to go down once their Martial Mind was developed.

"I probably will need experience with this technique specifically." He frowned.

The technique was highly demanding in its accuracy of timing, thus it was best to become intricately familiar with the technique through sparring experience. This was not normally a part of his training due to the fact that most of the techniques that he had developed were not that harsh in their demands for timing. Not even the Muspelheim and Niflheim domains required him to be extremely careful with timing.

All in all, he would be shocked if he managed to complete this technique within two years.

In fact, even three years did not seem like an excessive amount of time to master the technique, all things considered. Rarely, if ever, had he come up with a technique derived from an uncracked grade-ten technique and then attempted to further complicate the matter with additional burdens and requirements all to elevate the power of the technique.

If not for the fact that he was in his prime, he probably would have taken far longer than just two or three years.

He just hoped his father wouldn't trigger the third East Panamic War within that timeframe.

He would hate if he missed out on all the action due to being cooped up in training. He doubted it, though; a few years seemed like far too little time for even his father to make all the plans and preparations needed to do something as outrageous as pushing for Kandrian supremacy across East Panama.

Ideally, his father would trigger it the moment Rui finished his training, but he doubted that Emperor Rael would have the leeway to be kind and considerate about his son's need for real battle experience as a new Martial Master.

"Whatever, it will happen when it will happen. Nothing I can do about it."

Or, at least, he forfeited the right to do anything about it when he made his decision to stay away from the politics of it.

"For now, I can just begin training and forget about it all."

He immediately sat down as he began meditating, directing his senses inward as he gazed at the countless cells that comprised of his body. Clearing his mind of all thoughts, he solely focused on them as he breathed deeply, understanding the power of yin that lay deep within each quivering cell.

His training had commenced.



Chapter 2098  Meeting



Emperor Rael narrowed his eyes as he gazed at the spread of documents on his table. In the past week, he had entirely refamiliarized himself with all of the happenings in Kandria and in all of East Panama.

He had gotten a thorough understanding of all the domestic and international shifts in the balance of power and capital.

The Kandrian Empire had not come out of the Kandrian Throne War doing too well.

According to the statistics of the Ministry of Economic Affairs, the Kandrian Empire had been doing just fine on paper. A substantial influx of capital bolstered net exports to a rate of growth that actually touched double-digit percentage points.

However, the Emperor of Harmony had eruditely arrived at the truth after conducting a meta-analysis on the topic. His investigations revealed that while the Kandrian Empire had indeed gotten richer, that was largely due to an influx of capital from foreign powers who had invested in one of the eight prime royals competing for the throne, including Rui.

These included nations, commercial organizations of all kinds, factions, sects, and other power blocs that had each wished to influence not only who his successor was to be but also what kind of acts they ought to take as the next ruler.

The Kandrian Empire was truly powerful in every facet of evaluation and measure, and many powers had deemed it worthy to try and invest a lot in manipulating its next ruler.

That was why the numbers were misleading.

While a lot of money entered Kandria from foreign power blocs, a lot of capital had also left the empire. Many medium and even decently large businesses had left the nation in fear of the next ruler. After all, whoever the next ruler was, they had the power to set the nation ablaze, literally and figuratively. And considering that most of the prime candidates had been utterly insane, many had written Kandria off and left.

And now that the Throne War had long ended and the money stopped flowing in, this weakness had settled in.

The Kandrian economy was weaker than he had left it in.

It was an unfortunate turn of events.

Until he regained his old power and influence, restored Kandria's economy to its former peak, and restored the balance of power within the nation, there was absolutely no way in hell that he could even consider starting the war.

However, he could start long-term planning.

There were countless conditions that needed to be fulfilled before it was time to begin executing his war plan.

The biggest one was dealing with the overwhelming military imbalance between the Kandrian Empire and, well, all of East Panama. Obviously, in a symmetric all-out war, Kandria stood no chance in a war against a significant chunk of all human civilization. The other three powerful Sage-level powerhouses.

However, Emperor Rael knew better than anybody else that war was not symmetric.

It was won and lost outside of the battles.

There were a myriad of ways to lock an enemy's military and Martial power through means that many would not be able to even fathom, let alone manifest.

Rael could, however.

A germ of a strategy had already formed in his mind, one that painted a picture where Kandria rose above all others unstopped.

It was possible.

A future that Emperor Rael intended to manifest.

CLACK

Emperor Rael's attention shifted as a woman garbed in formal attire stepped in.

She bowed deeply. "Your Majesty, they're here."

"Mmm…" Emperor Rael put aside a file he was looking at. "…Rather unceremonious of them."

"…You know how they are, Your Majesty."

"And what about my son?"

"He has just entered into deep training at the Daracol Base. According to the Intelligence Bureau, he will most likely spend a few years in deep training."

"…I see." A smile cracked at the edge of his mouth. "Now, lead the way."

He exited his Royal Office as his assistant guided him down to the Royal Conference Hall.

The closer he approached, the more he could feel the world bending to the weight of the beings of his guests. It was a sensation he never got used to, no matter how many times he felt it. It was always surreal to experience such enormous power concentrated within individual beings.

CLACK n/ô/vel/b//jn dot c//om

The gates before him opened as Emperor Rael found himself gazing at the Sage Council of the Martial Union. They sat across a large table with eleven extravagant thrones that they rested upon before a giant ostentatious table.

They gazed at him with deep eyes. "Rael."

Had anyone outside of the Royal Family dared to address the Emperor of Kandria in such an irreverent manner, they would have been imprisoned for violating the law. Yet, they were the Martial Sages of the Martial Union.

A civil war would break out in any attempt to do so.

"My friends." Rael smiled. "It has been a long time. I see that not only have each of you been doing well but that your numbers have increased since our last meeting."

His gaze met Matriarch Nephi's eyes as he sat down on his giant Royal Throne.

"You have my gratitude, mother."

Matriarch Nephi's eyes flared with rage. "Don't you dare call me that."

The anger of a Martial Sage was not something that any human could withstand.

Unfortunately for her, the Emperor of Harmony was anything but that.

"Such hostility." He closed his eyes. "Yet, despite all of that…"

His eyes opened as a powerful gaze pinned her.

"…you still helped heal me."

His son had not been remiss in informing him about the power and importance of his mother-in-law's prophecy and how it had saved them from inevitable death many times during their perilous voyage through the Beast Domain.

Her gaze faltered as a complicated expression appeared on her face.

"Hmph." She snorted lightly. "I didn't do it for you. I did it for my grandson."

A soft smile cracked at the edge of his mouth. "Is that so? Regardless, thank you for helping to heal me, mother."

"I said don't call me that!"

-



Chapter 2099  Prospects of War



The rest of the Martial Sages were not keen on watching in silence as the mother-in-law and son-in-law bickered.

"Enough." Sage Lemolen snorted. "What is this, a comedy routine? Do you know who we are?"

His eyes narrowed. "We are the Sage Council."

Emperor Rael directed his gaze to the displeased assassin.

"We are the Martial Union," Sage Lemolen asserted.

"…As wound up as always, Lemolen." Emperor Rael smiled. "It would behoove you to remember that we are on the same side. This was true more than three hundred years ago when I convinced all of you to create a union for Martial Artists. It was true when the powers of East Panama sought to crush us, and…"

His gaze grew sharper. "…it will be true when they inevitably do it again."

The eleven Martial Sages stirred as they sensed the weight of his words. Grumble as they might about being dragged to the Royal Palace, they did it nonetheless for they knew that Emperor Rael was not a man who spoke or acted without due cause.

"'Inevitably?'" The Flickering Elder narrowed her eyes. "What do you mean by that? Tensions between the Kandrian Empire and the other Sage-level powerhouses have risen, but not to the level of war."

"Not yet, no," Emperor Rael's heavy gaze bore on them. "However, I have strong reason to believe that it will happen in the future."

A deep silence brooded in the air as the eleven Martial Sages of the Martial Union gazed at the Emperor of Harmony, considering his dark declaration.

Yet only one of them caught on to what his words meant.

"Rael." Sage Arrancar grinned. "You plan to trigger a third war, don't you?"

The Emperor of Harmony smiled. "War is not my intention, but rather an inevitable consequence of my intentions."

"Hah!" Sage Arrancar grunted with grudging respect and excitement. "Same thing. About damn time, too. The last ninety years have been boring peace and shitty harmony."

"Your words prick, Damian." Emperor Rael smiled wryly. "Harmony is my philosophy, after all."

"It's a shitty philosophy."

"Agreed." Sage Kalyn, the Hugging Hegemon, nodded.

"Enough, you two," Sage Vintar, the Mountain of Fortitude, interjected, earning a scowl from the Devil and the Hugging Hegemon.

Yet, his attention was fixed on Emperor Rael. "Explain. What do you mean? What is this all about?"

Emperor Rael gazed at him for a moment.

"Mira."

"Yes, sir." One of his assistants distributed eleven copies of a document to each of the Martial Sages of the Sage Council, who immediately began reading them with a hint of curiosity and intrigue.

What they read, however, shook them.

One of his assistants distributed eleven copies of a document to each of the Martial Sages of the Sage Council, who immediately began reading them with a hint of curiosity and intrigue.

What they read, however, shook them.

The air palpably boiled as the Sage Council grew stunned at what they had read. n/ô/vel/b//in dot c//om

It changed everything.

"This…" The Flashing Flier, Sage Dagar Roschem murmured faintly.

"…Is this real?" Sage Lemolen's voice was stunned.

"Yes," Emperor Rael nodded with severity. "My son would never lie about it to me, and we have verified the veracity of his claims in the flesh, directly and indirectly. My recovery is proof of this. These are real, and Kandria is in possession of all of them."

His words weighed on them like mountains as they came to understand the gravity of the situation.

They also understood the depth of the meaning of his words.

"If the rest of the world finds out…" Even the Sloth Sage grew stiff. "…We're dead."

His gaze turned to Emperor Rael. "You… You intend to show these off to the world?"

"That would be foolish, Sevian," Emperor Rael calmly replied. "I plan to extract the maximum benefit out of these resources and produce the best long-term outcome for Kandria."

His tone grew more confident. "I believe that, with these, it is possible to elevate Kandria to unprecedented and unparalleled power and, thus, unparalleled prosperity."

Had anyone else dared suggesting anything as absurdly risky and fraught with danger, they would have scoffed and even attempted to suppress the fool to stop him from getting them all killed.

Yet, any retort died in their throat when the powerful gaze of the Emperor of Harmony fell on them.

They were unqualified to tell him, of all people, that it was impossible.

Because the last time they did, he proved them wrong.

"This takes me back." The Mountain of Fortitude closed his eyes. "We had gathered just like this before the First East Panamic War. Back then, you were the newly ascended Emperor, and we were peak Martial Masters. You won that war."

"We won that war." Emperor Rael's deep, rich voice grew gentle. "It wouldn't have been possible without all of you. Without all of us working together in harmony. I asked you to trust me back then, and I ask you to trust me once more. Together, we can raise Kandria to transcendent heights."

The Martial Sages of the Sage Council stirred at his words.

Not all of them had trouble making a choice, of course.

"Count me in!" Sage Damian grinned. "I gotta thank that brat of yours for bringing in such juicy bait for war."

A hint of amusement and exasperation lit up in Emperor Rael's eyes. "I think you are the only one who is more interested in the war for these priceless resources than the priceless resources themselves."

"He isn't." Sage Kalyn began drooling at the thought of another major war. "I can't wait. How soon do we start."

The two of them earned glares from the rest of the Martial Sages.

"This is why I hate the Fire Sect," the Flickering Elder grumbled. "Bunch of warmongering fools," the Whispering Widower concurred.

Unbeknownst to them, this was why Emperor Rael appreciated the Fire Sect. Sometimes, war was inevitable when soaring to greater heights. In these times, the Fire Sect merrily supported Emperor Rael, completely ignorant of the fact that Emperor Rael manipulated them to do so by carefully and surgically framing his rhetoric to trigger them into supporting him.

They served as useful political capital for pushing for his causes.

-



