Chapter 1921 Ambush

﻿﻿Rui's decision was not impulsive but actually quite well-thought-out, as always. If the fauna of the Forest of Fear had evolved such that they had no sense of fear innate to them and would go extinct in self-destructive acts without fear induced in them by the Forest of Fear, then it made sense that only the strongest creatures of the region would be able to survive the period when it lost its fear-inducing substances.

In a Squire-level region, those strongest creatures were Senior-level creatures. It meant that Rui would need to apply his trance hypnosis to these creatures and then subject them to his Plurichroma domain to create SOUL models for their memories.

The issue was that being Senior-level creatures, bullying them was not nearly as straightforward as it had been for the catoblepas or the blackhinds. Senior-level creatures were fully capable of resisting Martial Seniors, even if the latter was much stronger than the former on an individual basis.

"We're going to have to be very careful," Rui replied. "However, as long as we keep track of them, it should be all good. I'll create predictive and SOUL models for them, and, with that, any chance of defeat on our end should be gone."

Perhaps Rui was excessively confident. However, he did think that his reasoning had a strong basis. With the power of predictive models and SOUL models, he was undoubtedly an absolutely unstoppable force to be reckoned with within the Senior Realm.

"Are you sure?" Kane stared at him with anxious concern.

"Yes, I told you, you're being afflicted with fear."

"Well, I can't help it. Are you absolutely sure that your plan is safe? Because it doesn't sound safe to me."

Rui heaved a sigh. "Well, one risk is that the beasts are harder to quantify. Beasts' power levels do not adhere to human paradigms of the Realms of Martial Art. There are plenty of beasts whose power levels fall in between Realms. It's possible that some creatures of the Forest of Fear have crossed the limits of the Senior Realm and become quasi-Master-level."

"Wait, really?" Kane grew more fearful.

"Yes."

"Aren't we screwed if that's the case?"

"...Not necessarily," Rui replied, glancing at his hands.

He clenched his fist, feeling an enormous surge of power coming from deep within. It came from within his mind, not just his body. It gave him a massive amount of confidence in his ability.

Perhaps he was being overconfident, but he felt invincible. He felt as though he simply could not lose.

Of course, this was dangerous. Even as he was now, Martial Masters would overwhelm him with little effort.

"Alright, for now, let u-" Rui froze as an intense wave of peril washed over the two of them.

One moment, the air had been normal.

The very next, their Primordial Instincts warned them of an incoming attack as their Martial Hearts burst into action, beating furiously as all metabolic processes were accelerated and strengthened.

BOOM!!!

The two of them leaped away moments before an intense impact shook the very lands around them. An attack that would have leveled cities struck the very spot they were at microseconds prior.

Rui and Kane took their stances as they beheld their ambusher face-to-face.

It had magnificent glossy black scales that stretched across its entire body. Its claws were razor sharp; its very edge was beyond their vision. Equally sharp sets of teeth lined at the edge of its jaws

Its sharp black pupils focused on its targets with a glint of predation.

"An obsidian wyvern." Rui grew grave.

"Is that bad?" Kane had become much less fearful as the activation of his Martial Heart had significantly, albeit not entirely, eliminated the fear-inducing substance's impact on his mind.

Suddenly, a sharp sense of peril approached behind them.

WHOOOOOOOOSH!!!

An enormous inferno almost swallowed them whole. Rui grimaced as he dispelled the heat away from them with heaven-bending, catching a glimpse of the culprit.

"A second wyvern?!" Kane panicked.

"They hunt in groups," Rui's expression grew severe as he recollected all the data on them from his Mind Palace. He expanded his senses farther and wider while also using the vector detection of the Angel of Laplace across the entire detection.

What he feared turned out to come true.

"We're surrounded by a pack of wyverns."

Rui's tone was grim.Thê sourc𝗲 of this conte/nt n/o/v/(𝒆l)bi((n))

WHOOSH!

A heavy fireball flew at them like a blazing cannonball, only to be intercepted by Rui's Transverse Resonance, revealing a third wyvern.

Soon enough, several more appeared in the sky as they began circling Rui and Kane at a low altitude.

"How did they find us?!" Kane gritted his teeth.

Rui eyed the approaching wyverns. "They use fear to detect prey that is non-native to the Forest of Fear."

Only one of them had experienced fear.

"…Damn!"

"ROOOOAAAAAAR!"

The exchange of words was cut short as the wyverns shot towards the two Martial Seniors, launching fireballs and infernos at them.

FWOOOSH!

"Rgh!" The two grimaced, leaping away, as just being in the vicinity of the heat singed their attires and skin.

Rui glared at the wyverns. Having already activated Angel of Laplace and the SOUL System, he never once let them out of his field of vision.

Unfortunately, the wyverns didn't make it easy. Their inhuman eyes appeared to be devoid of any sense of self-preservation or fear of death.

That was why they were akin to fish in water in the Forest of Fear.

Their prey, however, were usually creatures that exhibited heightened fear, which was a dead giveaway that they were non-native. This usually was very attractive prey to the obsidian wyverns because it meant that they were hampered by excessive fear that would reduce their performance.

Kane was a perfect example.

"AAAAAARGH!" He ran away at top speed from the conflagrations that the obsidian wyverns spread in an alarmed panic.

THUD!

He tripped, fell over, and turned in horror to face the incoming infernos.

THWOOM THWOOM THWOOM THWOOM THWOOM!!!

Rui launched five Mighty Roar Flash Blast attacks, dispelling the fires. Yet, what followed next was his true trump card.

-



Chapter 1922 Converging Attacks

﻿﻿He closed his eyes, donning his most intense and powerful Mind Mask. Instantly, a Master-level aura spread across the Forest of Fear, sending shivers across the entire region.

Yet the wyverns just grinned at him gleefully, snorting and huffing.

Their non-verbal communication conveyed a single message.

Deception.

"Tsk," Rui tutted, displeased, dispelling the Mind Mask.

Instantly, they spiraled around him, hoping to gang up on the stronger one of the two. They converged on him in one fell swoop, preparing powerful infernos to cook him alive. The prey would have no direction to escape while being subjected to the combined heat of all the wyverns of the Forest of Fear. This tactic ensured that no prey within the Senior Realm could possibly survive their prison of hellish fire.

The end was nigh, as far as they were concerned.

Yet, in facing the approaching wyverns, Rui didn't so much as twitch. He stood midair with closed eyes.

A single remark escaped him.

"Your neck muscles stiffen two milliseconds prior to flame attacks."

His eyes flashed open as he spun, launching a flurry of Mighty Roar Flash Blasts at each of their flame-spewing mouths a millisecond before they opened.

THWOOM TWHOOM THWOOM THWOOM THWOOM!

FWOOOOOOOOOSH!

"ROOOOOOAAAAAARRRRR!!!" The wyverns roared in pain as the perfectly timed sonic bullets entered their mouths the very moment they opened it, pushing the fire inside their bodies rather than outside. The fireballs erupted inside their esophagi, causing them major internal burns.

Yet Rui was hardly done. He was grateful that the Angel of Laplace had been completed before he was burned to a crisp by nearly two dozen obsidian wyverns. This allowed him to build predictive models on each of them at the last second.

Fortunately, the obsidian wyverns were extremely similar to each other. Their patterns overlapped significantly, allowing him to reuse data of each wyvern on the others.

"ROOOOOOOOAAAAAAARR!" Immense rage echoed every note of their bellow as they prepared even more fireballs.

But alas, their patterns were as transparent as day to Rui.

THWOOM THWOOM THWOOM THWOOM THWOOM!

He fired off many Mighty Roar Flash Blasts as soon as he saw their neck muscles stiffen, instantly extrapolating the exact moment of the exact actions they would take to launch the fireballs.

FWOOOOOOOOOSH!

"ROOOOOOOOOAAAAAAAAARR!" The wyverns roared once more in pain as they glared at Rui with unbridled hatred.

Is that the best you could do? Rui taunted them.

While they had no fear, it was clear that they were prone to falling to other emotions. It would do well for him if he could destabilize their feelings.

They shivered with rage, spiraling around him with tremendous velocity.

Yet, with initial predictive models formed, Rui's confidence had risen tremendously.

"Bring it," he growled fiercely.

And bring it, they did.Ne/w novel chapt𝒆rs are p/u/blished on no/vel(/bin(.)c/o/m

WHOOSH WHOOSH WHOOSH WHOOSH WHOOSH!

The many wyverns converged on him. An overwhelming majority of the flock focused on him while the remaining few attacked Kane.

Rui would be lying if he claimed he wasn't worried about Kane. He was only a mid-grade Martial Senior, and he was afflicted with the fear of the Forest of Fear. Rui was the only one who was entirely immune to it.

Regardless, he wasn't particularly in a position to worry about him. The obsidian wyverns were clearly intelligent enough to recognize the futility of attacking Rui with fireballs.

They changed tactics, circling around in the sky, eying him with an aggressive light in their eyes.

A flood of peril erupted from each of them, washing over the entire region around them.

The air boiled under the sheer force of the bloodlust they radiated. Peril sparked in the air, igniting conflagrations of panic across the fauna of the Forest of Fear. These creatures who knew no fear did finally experience fear from the bottom of their hearts.

Yet Rui did not so much as budge.

He stood, rooted in his spot in the air with an aura of impregnable solidity, never so much as twitching an inch.

He was waiting.

Waiting for the moment.

"ROOOOOOOAAAAAAAAAAAR!" A single wyvern began the charge on him, swerving in at extraordinarily high speeds.

What was once a lesser dragon became a jet-black blur, arriving at his location in moments, ready to rip a hole in him with razor-sharp fangs and claws.

Yet, it couldn't so much as touch Rui.

WHOOSH

He cleanly evaded the bull rush.

"Aeronautic adjustments precede rapid acceleration by a hundred microseconds." He coldly dissected patterns of the wyverns, using them to his advantage to foresee their attacks well ahead of time.

One wyvern could never touch him.

Yet, what about twenty-two?

WHOOSH WHOOSH WHOOSH WHOOSH WHOOSH

A flurry of powerful and swift Senior-level creatures converged on Rui's position, each ready to take him down. Rui's expression grew grave as he activated Neo Godspeed.

WHOOOSH!

The many wyverns shook as Rui turned into a blur, weaving through their many blurringly fast bull rushes. None of them understood how his speed grew so significantly!

Yet, that wasn't all.

"Speed Void."

He made generous use of the Yggdrasil System, creating a domain where every moving entity or object aside from him suffered significant detriment to their speed.

WHOOSH!

The wyverns struggled as the drag force they experienced increased exponentially.

"ROOOOOOAAAAAARRRR!" they complained, conveying their furious frustration with ample clarity.

Wind-shackler! They glared at him with inhuman bloodlust. Eat the wind-shackler!

All twenty-two obsidian wyverns surged forth to his location, determined to kill him at once!

It was an intelligent decision. They were so big that together, they could cut off all directions of escape collectively as they surged toward him. If there was no room for escape, then their hampered speed was inconsequential!

They converged on his location simultaneously. The sheer totality of their power exceeded anything Rui had ever been struck with. On top of that, all directions of escape were covered thus Neo Godspeed was rendered useless.

A maelstrom of razor-sharp fangs and claws seemed fated to tear at him with immense speed and power.

It meant certain death.

Yet, he grinned.

Sleep.

-



Chapter 1923 Ensuing Combat

﻿﻿A hypnotic wave struck their exposed subconscious as their minds were misdirected with the image of Master Uma. Simultaneously, the world went almost entirely dark, allowing their conscious mind to dim more easily as their subconscious minds rose to prominence.

"SOUL System activated."

SPLAT SPLAT SPLAT SPLAT SPLAT!

In just a moment, the converging claws tore at his flesh moments before he shifted to Nemean Blossom. It could not singlehandedly stop them, but it certainly could help Rui survive.

"Huff?" The wyverns glanced at each other, confused as they wondered what had just happened.

Rui, on the other hand, swiftly deactivated Nemean Blossom before shifting to Weaving Blood to heal his wounds.

Yet, his focus was fixed on the obsidian wyverns.

With each passing moment, he gathered an immense amount of data on their SOULs, forming SOUL models on each and every single one of them. Once more, he noticed there was an immense amount of overlap in their individual SOULs. While there was less than a twenty-five percent overlap in the SOULs of humans, there was more than a fifty percent overlap in the SOULs of the obsidian wyverns.

These creatures were far more the same than they were different.

WHOOSH WHOOSH WHOOSH!

THWOOM THWOOM THWOOM!

He evaded three obsidian wyverns, somersaulting away while launching a flurry of Mighty Roar Flash Blasts, each pumped with the power to reduce large hills to rubble.

The wyverns zig-zagged across the sky in evasion.

But, alas.

The Pathfinder always found its path.

BAM BAM BAM!!!

"ROOOAAAAR!" The wyverns plummeted from the sky, roaring in pain as they were thrown off trajectory.

Rui grinned as the VOID algorithm and the ODA System worked hand in hand, allowing him to fire multitudes of Mighty Roar Flash Blasts.

And they struck their victim true.

Every single time.

BAM BAM BAM BAM BAM!!!

Nearly half a dozen wyverns were struck nigh simultaneously, being thrown off course. Yet before Rui could even acknowledge it, a dozen wyverns converged on him at the same time, threatening to crush him.

WHOOSH WHOOSH WHOOSH WHOOSH WHOOSH!

Rui leaped away, narrowly dodging each of them while activating Speed Void at the right moment.

He felt a deep sense of peril as a powerful obsidian wyvern appeared behind from his blind spot.

Temporal Disharmony!

WHOOOSH!

The wyvern's razor-sharp fangs missed Rui by an inch as it grew disoriented by the hypnotic technique of the Hypnomatrix.

Yet, even before he could celebrate, twelve more had appeared around him.

WHOOSH WHOOSH WHOOSH WHOOSH WHOOSH!

Rui barely managed to avoid death as he evaded each of them one after another.

Almost.

SPLAT!

His face grew grim as one of the claws of the wyverns caught him in the chest, releasing three deep gashes across his torso. The pain made his mind rush into action, pushing it to the very limit as it furiously burst into activity, accelerating the process of forming associations between data points of recorded subconscious non-verbal communication and intent, as measured retroactively by actions.

Unfortunately, collecting data on twenty-two high-grade Senior-level creatures was quite taxing, even for him. On top of that, he continuously needed to operate the predictive model to ensure that he didn't die in the meantime.

THUD

He returned to the ground, racing through the forest at blinding speeds dozens of times above that of sound. While land had lower degrees of freedom than the sky, it certainly allowed him to handle their speed much more comfortably since he was faster.

Martial Artists could never beat avian creatures in the sky if all else was equal unless they specialized for the sky. Especially not twenty-two of them coordinating with each other. If not for Rui's predictive model and the Pathfinder's ODA System, he would have never even tried.

WHOOSH WHOOSH WHOOSH!

Rui sprinted away at top speeds, occasionally firing Mighty Roar Flash Blasts back at them, taking them down, all while evading their swoops and swings one after the other.

"ROOOOOAAAAAR!" They made their frustrations known as they flashed through the air, trying to kill Rui once and for all, earning a good grin from Rui.

Unfortunately, good things came to an end.

SPLAT!

"Rgh!" Rui grimaced as one wyvern surprisingly managed to tag him without any problem.

The Metabody System had been running at top gear. He had used nearly all of them extensively throughout the battle, especially the Neo Godspeed Metabody technique at full power.

His reactions grew slower as his movements grew sluggish.

The obsidian wyverns were far too keen to fail to notice this, they immediately rallied together, converging on Rui.

"ROOOOOOOOAAAAAAAAAR!!!" A triumphant bellow escaped one as it reached Rui much faster than before. It jaws opened as it flashed forward, ready to eat him whole.

Alas, it was too late.

"I can see your SOUL."

CLASP

Rui's words cut through its jubilation as a single hand stopped the dragon in its tracks. Its eyes widened as it felt its momentum disappearing. What should have been a devastating impact where it would have torn him to shreds was reduced to a gentle grasp.

All that energy and speed that it had accrued was sunk down the drain with a single gesture.

RUMBLE

The very world shook as Rui dispersed that energy to the depths of the bedrock of the Beast Domain using Flux Earther.

The technique had no hard upper limit, yet it also had no lower limit either. Poor timing would make the technique more garbage than a human technique, but with godly timing, it could be elevated to something truly special.

"ROOOOOOAAAAAAAAR!" Another wyvern rushed in from the side, looking to finish what the earlier wyvern couldn't, yet it met the same fate.

RUMBLE!

Rui effortlessly held off two wyverns with one arm each as he continuously dispersed their energy to the world around them.Thê sourc𝗲 of this conte/nt n/o/v/(𝒆l)bi((n))

"ROOOOAAAAAR!"

The two lesser dragons complained. It felt like walking on a treadmill. They were unable to make any progress whatsoever.

WHOOSH!

Rui casually somersaulted, evading a third wyvern who zoomed in while firing a single Mighty Roar Flash Blast.

THWOOM!

SPLAT!

"ROOOOAAAAAAR!" The creature roared in pain as the attack precisely crashed into its eye, blinding it on the spot.

-



Chapter 1924  I Will Eat You



The moment the SOUL System completed the SOUL models on the obsidian wyverns, Rui gained an inordinate depth of insight.

With it rose precision and accuracy. Because the future was transparent, he could prepare for it.

The more time he had to prepare, the more he could refine the precision and accuracy of his timing and placement right down to the micrometer.

His attacks soared past the present.

They struck the future.

THWOOM THWOOM THWOOM THWOOM THWOOM!

He fired off five Mighty Roar Flash Blasts almost simultaneously. He didn't even bother looking at his opponent, and yet—

BAM BAM BAM BAM BAM!!

Each and every single one of them struck true in a wyvern's eyes.

"ROOOOOAAAAAAR!" They roared in pain.

Yet, they never relented even as all twenty-two of them converged on him with extreme velocities.

None of them could so much as touch him.

Rui's movements had undergone a profound change. Before, they were furious as he struggled to match up against twenty-two powerful creatures all by himself. Now, however, he sashayed with the grace of a ballerina.

Each maneuver overflowed with an elegance that didn't belong in a battle. It didn't belong in the Beast Domain.

Yet with each passing movement, his movements grew dimmer. WHOOSH WHOOSH WHOOSH WHOOSH WHOOSH!

Rui shifted inches as their claws came within millimeters away from cleaving his head in half.

He began moving less and less.

And less.

His movements continued reducing until…

Until he stopped moving entirely.

Ordinarily, such a decision was one that courted death.

Yet, it never happened.

None of the wyverns understood.

Perhaps, it was because their intelligence was lacking. Perhaps it was because the state of mind at the root of such grace was beyond anything a beast would ever be capable of. Regardless, none of them understood.

None of them understood why they were unable to so much as touch even though he was stationary.

He didn't move.

He didn't so much as twitch.

It was a tantalizing sight to the predators, yet, every time they attacked him. Thê sourc𝗲 of this conte/nt n/o/v/(𝒆l)bi((n))

They could not touch him.

"ROOOOOOOAAAAAAAAAR!!!" A wyvern charged at with overwhelming frustration and fury.

Yet, it passed right through his body.

WHOOSH

It passed through his body like it was a hologram.

It passed through him like his very being was ethereal. WHOOSH WHOOSH WHOOSH!

Each time they charged into him, they passed through him like he wasn't even there.

His eyes were closed, and his body was relaxed. No force in the world could torment him.

Or, so it seemed.

In reality, his powerful mind churned non-stop as he constantly bore witness to the future itself. Well before an attack arrived, he would step away. However, he stepped away while feinting to his original standing position, making it seem that he was still standing there. In addition, he also misdirected attention away from him to the feinted image, reinforcing the feinted image. In the mind of the wyvern, he never stepped away.

To them, he had been standing there the entire time, crashing into an empty location while Rui promptly returned back to the position after the attack passed, making it seem like he had never stepped away and that the attack had passed through him.

It was an extravagant flex that served no practical utility.

Yet, Rui couldn't resist.

It was an extraordinary feat of precision and accuracy of timing and placement. It was an extraordinary feat of maneuvering that should have been impossible to replicate against those whose physicality significantly exceeded his.

Unfortunately, the Martial Heart did not have endless stamina.

Without it, no amount of thought would be able to save him from being torn to shreds.

"If fear cannot move you…" His voice grew cold and perilous. "Then pain will have to do."

Ironically, it was at that moment that the wyverns experienced paralyzing fear gripping their hearts.

But alas, pain was already on its way.

He activated a breathing technique, creating powerful wind currents and pressure gradients with the force of his breath before bending it to tame the very heavens that enveloped them.

It became his weapon.

Simultaneously, his powerful mind stirred, activating the Hypnomatrix.

Pain had arrived.

"Phantom Pain. Sonic Singularity," Rui whispered.

The world screamed.

VMMMMMMM!!!!!

As did the unfortunate wyvern who Rui targeted.

"ROOOOOOOAAAAAAAAAARRRR!!!!!" It bellowed in pain as a tsunami of sound converged on it.

It became a singularity.

Not just of sound.

But of pain.

VMMMMMMM!!!!

"ROOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAARRRRRR!!!!!" A guttural screech of excruciating agony echoed throughout the Forest of Fear.

As a hypnotic technique that magnified pain exponentially, Phantom Pain worked extremely well with Sonic Singularity. The latter caused immense naturally that was magnified beyond what the mind could fathom.

"Your scales are tough, but your insides are not nearly so," Rui smirked. "I can only imagine how much pain you must be going through."

The other wyverns watched with palpable terror and horror as the one that Rui singled out began bleeding from its eyes and from all orifices.

Rui dispelled the technique, leaving the creature half-dead.

Scram. Rui glared at them. Or you'll be next.

Predators, while hardly rational, were capable of making risk-reward analyses. Especially ones that involved a lot of suffering and death.

The twenty-one wyverns immediately took off with great vigor, never once turning back.

"Huff…" Rui heaved a sigh before his eyes widened with alarm. "Kane!"

The average power level of the wyvern group was high-grade Martial Senior. Kane did not possess the power to take on such opponents at his current stage.

BOOM!!!

Rui immediately shot off at extraordinary speeds, igniting the air in a massive inferno from the sheer friction with the air.

In just moments, he arrived.

What he saw shook him.

He had an eye missing with countless gashes across his entire body. On the other hand, the wyvern hunting him had lost both eyes.

RUMBLE

An unfathomable amount of bloodlust erupted from deep within Rui, suffocating the wyvern stiff.

"I will eat you." His voice dripped with malice as a powerful glare bored holes into the wyvern. His words contained the weight of the future.

The future that he could see.

The future he could create.

-



Chapter 1925  Trade



The wyvern scampered off in fear. Armed with predictive and SOUL models, Rui bore an air of aura that did not quite fit within the Senior Realm. Twenty-two wyverns might have the confidence to fight him, but alone, they certainly didn't.

Kane fell to the ground, coughing blood.

"Kane!" Rui urgently pulled out healing potions, feeding them to him. "Heh…" Kane grinned weakly as he slowly healed. "I managed to stall one."

Rui heaved a troubled sigh. "I warned you. I warned you this could happen."

"And I chose to come anyway." He shrugged, experiencing the relief of a healing potion. "Besides, I was fine, ok?" VịSit no(v)3lb/!n(.)c𝒐m for new 𝒏ov𝒆l𝒔

Rui stared at him skeptically. "…Uh huh."

"We injured each other. That's a tie, as far as I am concerned."

While Rui had to admit that he did a good job holding out against a creature that was much stronger, to call it a tie was questionable at best, especially when Kane didn't have a good way of taking down such creatures.

Daggers were great against human-sized targets, but wyverns were much larger and had a tough armor of scales that could deflect or largely negate his daggers as an offense.

"What the fuck is wrong with this region anyway?" He complained. "I thought you told me this was supposed to be a Squire-level region. It sure as hell doesn't feel that way!"

Rui's expression grew grim. "It's mostly grown more dangerous rapidly before the Adventurer's Guild could keep up."

This was the consequence of forgoing dedicated veracity in order to reduce the cost of Beast Domain services. They could make their services cheaper and economically viable, but in turn, countless adventurers died due to a lack of information on the dangers and risks, or worse, due to misinformation about the dangers and risks.

Rui was especially angered by this, now that his friend had almost died as a result of this.

"Based on the level of the strongest creatures in the region, as well as the fact that the region causes one to experience fear, making them a target for powerful fear-sensitive creatures…" Rui narrowed his eyes. "I'd say this region is on the higher-end of Senior-level danger zone."

Senior-level danger zones tended to have a few Master-level beasts. However, while this region lacked those, its environment hampered outsiders and made them targeted by predators, making it far worse.

In fact, how many Martial Seniors would survive in this region?

He could think of only two that he knew of.

The Gatekeeper would deal with the wyverns as easily as Rui did. Rui had no doubt that the man would have to go all-out with his martial heart and martial heart manipulation in order to overcome so many powerful high-grade wyverns with great coordination and using brute force alone.

But he had an extremely difficult time picturing them taking him down, even though they would hurt him to some extent.

While Rui was unable to hurt him with his attacks, the combined power of the wyverns far exceeded that of his own. "Huff…" he shook his head, putting the matter aside.

Kane heaved a sigh of relief, fully restored. "So, what now?"

"I have caught one wyvern," Rui replied, keeping an eye on the creature. "I chose the oldest one of the group. This one is the most likely to know something about the Divine Doctor."

Rui paid attention to all the wyverns throughout the battle. He quickly noticed that most of them were on the younger side. He knew that wyverns tended to reach maturation extremely early despite having long lives. He inferred that most of them probably knew nothing about the Divine Doctor.

There were a few elder wyverns that, rather than taking an active role in hunting, took more effort to protect their progeny from his attacks. He deduced that they were the most likely to have been around when the Divine Doctor disrupted.

Thus, there was no reason to interrogate each and every single one of them as long as he had one firm and proper source of information.

"Let's go; he might die if I don't heal him," Rui muttered as the two of them immediately headed to the half-dead wyvern.

The dying lesser dragon made pitiful squeaking and whimpering noises as it tried to move. Yet each attempt caused it even more pain than before.

STEP

Rui arrived before it, squatting to meet its gaze at eye-level. My offer is simple. Rui hoped that it was intelligent enough to parse the concept of trade. Give me information, and I will let you live. I will even heal you.

Rui made a quick demonstration, consuming a healing potion and showing the wyvern how the few gashes on his body quickly returned to how they used to be, leaving nothing more than mild scars of what could have been an old wound.

"Rrrrk?" Its eyes lit up at the sight as it finally understood what Rui was conveying.

Agreed. Heal. Help. It gazed at Rui with its inhuman eyes.

"First, I get what I want," he replied. "This will work smoother if you cooperate. Just try your best to actively remember everything you can. That's good enough."

He didn't waste any more words.

Sleep.

A world of darkness overcame it as its consciousness dimmed in activity while its subconscious mind grew more vigorous. It had already entered a trance much deeper than the one that Rui had put it in during the battle.

"Plurichroma."

The world around them shifted as he took his time going through every single wavelength and frequency of light and sound, mapping the corresponding subconscious non-verbal communication associated with each of them.

That, along with the intent-evaluation SOUL model that he had created during the battle, and he quickly created the memory-evaluation SOUL model.

Immediately, he conjured up the image of the Divine Doctor, embodying it in his mind, such that his subconscious mind caused him to subconsciously act like the Divine Doctor was actually there.

The subconscious non-verbal communication adhered to that, fully communicating the image to the wyvern.

Much to his delight, a blossom of memories were triggered, resurfacing them as the wyvern relived them in real-time. -



Chapter 1926 Memories

﻿﻿Obsidian wyverns.

The apex predators of the Forest of Fear.

They possessed minds that were nigh devoid of fear. So much so that despite the fear of the Forest of Fear afflicting them every moment of their lives, they were still fearless. They were the most fearless in the entirety of the forest that they stood at the pinnacle of.

They had nothing to fear.

There was nothing that could invoke fear.

Or so they thought.

Everything changed when he arrived.

He reeked of fear.

He might as well as have been drenched in it.

As fear-sensitive creatures, they could smell him from a country away.

It was almost offensive.

How dare such a fearful creature enter the Forest of Fear?

Instantly, the entirety of the nest of the Forest of Fear erupted into flight, soaring in the direction of the newcomer oozing more fear than they had ever smelled.

He was human at first glance.

Physically, at least.

Yet, when they gazed into his eyes, a single realization dawned on them.

This one was less human than even they were. The fear that they smelled was not his.

No.

It was theirs.

FSSSSSSSSS!

Countless canisters of gas exploded from underground, spreading across the entire region. In just a moment, the obsidian wyverns were intoxicated, entering a trance-like state. The Divine Doctor's smile never once wavered.

It was one of clinical curiosity.

Once they entered a trance-like state, he never let them exit it. First, he trained them in a Pavlovian manner similar to how he trained the catoblepas. Their trance state made them more receptive to accepting the new influence, allowing the Divine Doctor to, very quickly, turn them into his loyal lap dogs.

'Wait, is that why he worked on refining his trance drug, in addition to his fear-hallucinogen, in the Valley of Prisms?' Rui realized. 'He knew he would need it against the obsidian lesser dragons. That was why he was so dissatisfied with it, even though it worked perfectly against the catoblepas. He knew that that alone was not enough.'

In order to survive deeper in the Beast Domain, he would need a strong deterrence. In order to get one that was effective enough to deter the powerful biosphere of the Beast Domain from eating him alive, he would need something particularly potent.

Perhaps the esoteric fear-induction phenomena of the Forest of Fear had been his goal from the very start. Perhaps he only ever stopped at the Valley of Prisms as a checkpoint to prepare for taking over the fear of the Forest of Fear.

If that was the case, then all his actions up until now would make sense.

"So all of this, everything up until now, was just a preparation to go deeper into the Beast Domain?" Rui whispered, shocked.

The comprehensiveness of the Divine Doctor's plans to survive the depths of the Beast Domain stunned Rui. He had thought of himself as prepared with all the things that he had brought along for basically any and all plausibilities. Yet, in comparison to the Divine Doctor, who had caused mass disruptions in the Valley of Prisms in preparation for his search of the fear of the Forest of Fear, which in turn helped in his pursuit of finally actually going deeper into the Beast Domain, Rui was evidently underprepared.

It was at that moment that Rui realized he had underestimated the man. He had accomplished more in the Beast Domain than Rui would have had Rui not been a Martial Artist.

His attention returned to the memories that he was scanning, reading everything that the obsidian wyvern conveyed to him semi-consciously.

The obsidian wyvern, unlike the catoblepas, was able to retain a much stronger awareness of everything that had happened while it had been under the influence of the trance drug, much to Rui's delight.

For once, he had gotten access to memories that weren't broken. The biggest frustration when dealing with the catoblepas was the fact that an overwhelming majority of their memories were fragmented.R/ê/Ad lat𝙚St ch/a/pters at nô(v)e(l)bin/.c/o//m Only

This made finding coherent information about the Divine Doctor extremely difficult. If the catoblepas had forgotten the memory of the time that he had commented about how his fear-hallucinogen was inadequate, Rui would have never inferred that his destination was the Forest of Fear.

He had been this close to never finding the Divine Doctor.

Now, however, there was no such concern with the obsidian wyvern whose memories he was scanning. Memories that, while traumatic, never escaped its mind.

"Go forth." The Divine Doctor's smile remained unchanged. "Bring me all the fear in this forest. "

The lesser dragons gently took off so as not to hurt their new master, setting out to uproot the entire forest.

And they did.

They painstakingly brought every ounce of fear there was to be found within the Forest of Fear.

Tree after tree.

Plant after plant.

They brought him every ounce of flora.

What Rui wondered, however, was how the hell the man planned to process all these raw ingredients into a powerful fear-hallucinogen. This sort of endeavor required massive infrastructure, usually a factory. What he was trying to do wasn't a small-scale experiment that he himself could manage; it was industrial-grade mass production.

However, the Divine Doctor proved to be extremely resourceful.

The man had the dragons dig up an entire hole to toss all the uprooted vegetation in before having the dragons set ablaze to the entire pit. An enormous inferno blazed for days as the dragons continued stoking the fire, ensuring it never went out.

After the process ended, the Divine Doctor had them collect all the ash before subjecting it to several chemical treatments. An enormous tower of ash was quickly reduced to a pile of strange yellow liquid, and the Divine Doctor carefully collected all of it before whipping out several more instruments to play around with the collected substance.

Until he got what he came for.

FSSSSSS!

"ROOOOOOAAAAAAAAAR!" The obsidian wyverns moved away from him as they experienced heart-wrenching fear upon inhaling the gas that he had just diffused into the air.

The Divine Doctor's smile never once budged, yet the glee in his eyes deepened.

"Yielded potency is satisfactory," he remarked. "With the power of fear, the Garden of Salvation is within my reach."

-



Chapter 1927  Garden of Salvation



Rui's eyes widened when he heard that name.

Yet, the Divine Doctor wasn't done.

He removed his mask, inhaling the fear in the air. That wasn't all.

Rui watched, stunned, as the man subjected himself to his own fear hallucinogen!

"This should do." He remarked.

His non-verbal communication and body language shifted drastically, conveying endless fear from within him. It conveyed that he was utterly horrified within the depths of his heart.

Yet his eyes and expression never changed a shade.

It was as though he had somehow managed to barricade his conscious mind from the biochemistry of his body. If that was the case, then Rui had to admit that he was impressed. Given his specialty, it was undoubtedly a feat accomplished through his mastery of medicine and the human body. This was the power of a man who cured death.

The memories of the obsidian wyvern of the Divine Doctor ended there as the man set off from the Forest of Fear, heading deeper into the Beast Domain, never to be seen in the Forest of Fear.

What followed after what was madness as the devastated Forest of Fear soon was unable to sustain the fear-inducing drug in the air. Once the fear-inducing effect eventually dissipated, every creature native to the Forest of Fear lost their sanity.

They had evolved specifically to the environment of the Forest of Fear. They had evolved to have almost no innate fear of anything all so that the Forest of Fear would induce only a healthy amount of fear.

Without it, they were absolutely insane.

No fear of pain.

No fear of death.

No fear of anything led to mass death as creatures jumped off cliffs and courted their predators only to be eaten alive. The Divine Doctor stole their fear and, in turn, deprived them of life.

Rui had been correct in identifying that this particular obsidian wyvern was one of the few survivors, while the rest of his kind had met all kinds of nasty deaths. This wyvern alone survived long enough until the Forest of Fear eventually regrew after years, returning it back to a state of healthy amounts of fear. Th.ê most uptod/at𝓮 n𝒐vels a/re published on n(0)velbj)n(.)c/o/m

Rui dispelled the hypnosis before following through on his word and giving it just enough of a general healing potion to help it recover from its internal wounds.

"What did you learn?"

"…He's off to the Garden of Salvation," Rui replied, narrowing his eyes.

It was a name that Rui was familiar with. He had done a pretty thorough broader research into the Beast Domain, and it naturally came up.

"The what?"

"…The Garden of Salvation," Rui replied, sharpening his gaze. "A land of legend. Said to be a world of wonder and a place of paradise. It is said to be a haven of safety for those who need it. Those that it accepts."

"That sounds like a myth," Kane furrowed his eyebrows skeptically. "Where is it?"

"Its purported location is said to be deep in the Northern part of the Beast Domain at the precipice of the Master-level region of the Beast Domain," Rui replied. "However, no one has ever been able to find it. Many have searched, yet none have succeeded. It's one of the reasons that some experts on the Beast Domain believe that it is a myth, while others think it is real."

"Has anyone actually seen it?" Kane raised an eyebrow. "What is the origin of this story?"

"…Martial Artists," Rui murmured thoughtfully. "Many Martial Artists, from Apprentice to Master, have independently spoken about about the Garden of Salvation. They have shared their stories passionately, insisting on their truth."

"Well?" Kane urged him. "What do they say?"

"…They talked about how, on the brink of death in the Beast Domain, the world around them shifted in the blink of an eye, and they found themselves in a region that could only be described as paradise," Rui continued. "They described how the very air they breathed healed their wounds. They talked about how the light that fell on their body soothed their exhaustion. They recounted how even the very soil beneath their feet gently supported them. They went on and on about how the very world around them nourished their very being."

"Sounds like a beautiful place," Kane muttered. "But how did the world around them shift to the Garden of Salvation? That sounds impossible."

"No one knows. They described it as an instantaneous shift. As if they had gone off to another world in the blink of an eye. Many of the Martial Artists who claimed to have been healed and nourished by it spent their entire lives desperately looking for it," Rui closed his eyes. "Yet none of them… Not a single one of them ever set foot in the Garden of Salvation a second time."

"I'm glad you know about it because I have never heard of it in my entire life," Kane remarked carefreely. "I wouldn't expect you to," Rui huffed. "It's a more niche case study relating to the countless mysteries of the Beast Domain that humanity has yet to figure out, just like lost cities and many other more prominent unknowns. I didn't expect that the Divine Doctor would be looking for the Garden of Salvation."

"Do you think it's real?" Kane asked, raising an eyebrow.

"…I believe that the Martial Artists who have shared their experiences with the Garden of Salvation are sincere and earnest in their accounts," Rui replied, considering the question. "However, that does not necessarily mean everything they say is objectively accurate. It is possible their experiences are hallucinations in their mind and not real. Of course, considering that there are some Martial Artists who make such claims, that's less likely but far from impossible."

"Hm…" Kane absorbed Rui's words with a hint of curiosity. "That's interesting. But regardless of whether it is actually real or not, feels like the Divine Doctor thinks it's real."

"It does appear to be the case, yes," Rui remarked.

"In that case, tell me more about the Garden of Salvation."

"Sure…" Rui replied. "I only skimmed through the accounts of the summaries of the extensive accounts of the survivors, but I did make sure to keep them in my Mind Palace, thankfully."



Chapter 1928  Elder Tree



Rui had memorized tons of general information regarding the Beast Domain, and he had run into countless recorded phenomena that humanity had failed to comprehend. Despite occupying a minority of the Panama Continent, it was far and away the most mysterious chunk filled with all kinds of supernatural phenomena.

The Beast Convergence Hypothesis, lost cities, primordial seed, the Warp, and many other phenomena took more central notice because they were observable mysteries, while the Garden of Salvation was entirely centered around second-hand information.

That was why Rui had simply logged the information into the enormous metropolis that was his Mind Palace and forgot about it. He actually didn't even organically recall the name through natural memory, he had to search for the information in his Mind Palace in the part that stored information about locations, searching for anything that contained the word 'garden,' only retrospectively remembering it.

Thankfully, as painstaking as it was, he was truly grateful that he had spent months researching the Beast Domain before his departure for it, or else he would not be able to give Kane a thorough breakdown of the Garden of Salvation.

"Not only did they say it was a paradisical environment that seemed to nurture them to the very root of their existence, but they also said that it was a haven for many creatures and organisms beside them," Rui informed Kane. "What's most interesting is the accounts of Martial Masters with their powerful senses."

"What did they say?" Kane grew even more curious.

"They described how the Garden of Salvation was a seemingly endless haven for countless living beings of countless species. However, it went far beyond that," Rui replied, growing more engrossed himself. "The Garden of Salvation didn't just host countless living beings; it also seemed to bend heaven and earth to create specialized environments that were customized for each individual living organism and species. Fish would find the land turn into lakes no matter what direction they went. Species that had evolved for cold regions found the very world around them warping to suit their needs by freezing over and spontaneously developing layers of ice and snow while the air chilled. For humans, they found themselves inside their homes where they were most comfortable."

"What?!" Kane did a double-take. "That's absurd!"

"That was my reaction, too," Rui remarked, continuing. "That wasn't all. The Martial Artists described lava sharks as being only found in some super-active volcanoes right beside an icy environment with species evolved for it. So, apparently, not only did the Garden of Salvation create an environment perfect for them, but it could also do so with absolutely no limitations."

"That does not sound real." Kane grew more skeptical.

"That's not all?!"

"They described a mighty titanic tree at the center of the Garden of Salvation," Rui continued. "The tree was so enormous, according to all accounts, that each of its roots was as large as a mountain while its trunk dwarfed mountain ranges, extending to altitudes that went beyond even the enormous sensory ranges of Martial Masters."

"What?!" Kane exclaimed once more. "Has there ever been a tree that large?!"

"Yes, actually, albeit extremely few," Rui replied. " But those are known trees. And they're very easily findable due to how enormous they are. What's absurd about the accounts of the Garden of Salvation is that, despite every single person who described the tree universally agreeing that it was unfathomably enormous, it cannot be found. You would think that the Garden of Salvation would have been found centuries ago, but not even so much as a hint of its existence has been found."

"There's no way it's real, man," Kane insisted. "Think about it: how does a tree that large hide?"

Rui nodded, understanding the skepticism that Kane put forth. "In addition, its size is not the only thing that stood out. They reported that the tree…spoke to them."

Kane's eyes widened with surprise. "The tree…talked?"

Rui shrugged. "Allegedly, it somehow spoke directly inside their minds."

Kane stared at him with palpable disbelief.

"Not my words," Rui smiled wryly. "They called it the Elder Tree. Some say that it is just one of many residents of the Garden of Salvation. However, the most common belief is that it oversaw the Garden of Salvation."

"Uh huh," Kane heaved a sigh. "I can't believe the Divine Doctor fell for such an obvious scam. Is he really as brilliant as people say he is?"

"Yes, but regardless of if it is true, it's definitely true that he believes it," Rui shrugged nonchalantly. "Thus, we ought to think like someone who believes it's true and is looking to find it. Additionally, there's the fact that he subjected himself to the intense fear hallucinogen that he had crafted after robbing the Forest of Fear of all the fear it had."

"Wait, he did?"

"Yeah," Rui nodded. "It was extremely bizarre, but if it's true that only living beings who need the Garden of Salvation can find it, then…"

Rui's eyes widened, realization dawning on him as a multitude of thoughts flashed through his mind. "Then perhaps he was trying to fake the conditions for entering the Garden of Salvation?"

"What?"

"However, inducing fear to fake needing a safe haven only works if the criteria for acceptance are neuro-centric," Rui muttered himself. "On top of that, different species have different neurological and endocrinological fear evolutionary mechanisms at play, but maybe…"

"Hey!" Kane complained. "I don't get it."

Rui turned to Kane. "My bad. Let's start at the beginning. What did I tell you the Garden of Salvation was purported for?"

"A safe haven for those who need it?"

"Correct." Rui nodded. "And what deductions can be inferred from that?"

"I dunno, man." Th.ê most uptod/at𝓮 n𝒐vels a/re published on n(0)velbj)n(.)c/o/m

"What do those who would need a safe haven have in common?"

Kane furrowed his eyebrows. "…Lacking in safety?"

"Specifically, an acute lack of safety," Rui specified. "But yes, lacking in safety. How would the Garden of Salvation be able to identify those who are lacking in safety?"

-



Chapter 1929 Deduced Plan

﻿﻿Kane scratched his fuzzy chin as he considered the question. "I dunno, couldn't it just observe the circumstances of whichever living being it was evaluating? If it even did that in the first place."

"I'm only presuming intelligent intervention because it has the least amount of assumptions out of all possibilities and follows the evidence," Rui calmly replied. "In reality, we don't know anything about the Garden of Salvation. Including if it exists or not."

Neither of them had any idea how the Garden of Salvation 'accepted' living beings in need of a safe haven. Or if there was even an intelligent mind that accepted and rejected candidates by going through them.

However, if it existed, considering that those who entered it claimed to have entered it when they were in need of a safe haven the most, then, assuming it wasn't a coincidence, one could infer there was some intelligence that identified living beings who were in need of refuge.

"So how would this intelligence recognize which beings required a safe haven and which didn't?" Rui reiterated his question.

"You don't think what I said earlier, simply analyzing their circumstances, is a good explanation?" Kane raised an eyebrow.

"Anything is possible," Rui answered. "However, not all circumstances are easy to parse. Considering the number of living beings alleged to have been in there, the sheer amount of information that said intelligence would need to process is beyond fathoming. Thus, considering the difficulty, I believe it is unlikely that the intelligence, if it even exists, was manually analyzing each potential candidate for entry into the Garden of Salvation."

"It does sound extraordinarily difficult," Kane admitted. "But what else could it be if not that?"

"It could be something that all living beings in dire circumstances and in need of a safe haven have in common," Rui remarked, narrowing his eyes. "Like fear, for example. If the intelligence measured fear, then it could decide very quickly."

"I suppose that's possible."

"After having established that, let us go back to the Divine Doctor," Rui remarked. "He wanted to enter the Garden of Salvation. If he arrived at the same conclusion that I did, that it was much easier for the Garden of Salvation to judge a candidate's need for a safe haven by emotional parameters such as fear than circumstantial information, then what would someone who wanted to be chosen by the Garden of Salvation need to do?"

"Be fearful? Wait…" Kane's expression grew stunned as he finally caught on to the train of logic. "You think that the Divine Doctor was hoping to find the Garden of Salvation by making it seem like he was in dire need of a safe haven by consuming the fear-hallucinogen and making it seem like he was in extreme fear. That's genius!"

He turned to Rui, marveling at his deductive capabilities. "You figured all of that in a moment?"

"As the Divine Doctor, I suspect…" Rui sharpened his gaze. "If this hypothesis is true, then I suspect that this was his whole plan from the very beginning. He arrived at the Valley of Prisms to gain access to invisibility by bio-engineering the flora of the region and to refine his other chemical weapons. All so that he could enslave the obsidian wyverns for the sake of using them to reduce the flora of the Forest of Fear down to the core esoteric substances responsible for the fear of the forest. And that in turn was to create extraordinarily potent fear-hallucinogens. However…"Th.ê most uptod/at𝓮 n𝒐vels a/re published on n(0)velbj)n(.)c/o/m

Rui closed his eyes. "And even all of that was just a part of his full plan. Even the fear-hallucinogens of the Forest of Fear were ultimately just a tool to get into the Garden of Salvation. That must have been his true goal."

"That's crazy…" Kane murmured, staggered by the depth of the Divine Doctor's plan that Rui had deduced and pieced together.

Yet, it was a sense of deja vu.

He glanced at his best friend with a wry smile.

"The question is whether he succeeded with his plan," Rui remarked, too immersed in his thoughts to notice Kane's pointed stare. "If he failed, then, frankly, we have nothing to go off of. However, if he succeeded, we still have nothing to go off of."

"…Then what now?" Kane stared at Rui.

Rui considered the matter for several moments.

They had finally hit a true snag. Rui had hoped that they could keep following the Divine Doctor by learning of his next location through the memories of the animals of the region he had disrupted, but, alas, that strategy didn't work because finding the Garden of Salvation was basically impossible.

"The location of the Garden of Salvation…" Rui narrowed his eyes.

He knew that it was supposed to be in the northern part of the Beast Domain, on the brink of the Master-level region of the Beast Domain. The reason this was known was that Martial Artists who had left the Garden of Salvation had described environmental parameters that matched up with that particular depth in the Beast Domain.

As one went deeper into the Beast Domain, the very world around them gradually shifted and grew increasingly hostile to all life. The air grew denser and more opaque and resistant to movement while the land beneath them impeded anything that stood atop it with earthquakes, lava, cracks, and ridges.

Martial Masters who had been accepted by the Garden of Salvation insisted that the sky was identical to the region that was considered to be on the brink of the Master-level region. Thus, those who searched for it did so at this particular ring around the northern part of the Beast Domain.

"We'll have to go there ourselves." Rui closed his eyes, heaving a sigh.

"Didn't you say that many people have searched for the Garden of Salvation?" Kane asked.

"Yes." Rui nodded. "And now, we'll be among them."

He got up, patting the dust off himself. "Let's go. We don't have time to waste."

"Huff…" Kane heaved a sigh. "Fun."

-



Chapter 1930  Purpose



The two of them immediately departed from the Forest of Fear, having completed all their business.

Rui had expected to spend days, if not weeks, hunting for Senior-level creatures and scanning them for memories, but surprisingly enough, they had completed their business in the Forest of Fear in a matter of hours.

Of course, Rui would never complain about getting the job done sooner than later. "What does the Divine Doctor even want from the Garden of Salvation?" Kane asked while they moved through the Beast Domain. "Honestly, what the hell is he even going through all of this for, anyway?"

It was a good question.

Unfortunately, Rui didn't have a good answer.

"He's here to diagnose his patient," Rui replied, shrugging. "That's all I was told by the Beggar Sage."

"That doesn't even make any sense."

"I don't really care about why he's here," Rui replied calmly. "As long as he heals my father, he can do whatever the hell he wants. However, knowing why he's here exactly might help us find him. So that is the only reason why I might care about his reason for venturing into the Beast Domain on his lonesome."

Rui had many thoughts about the Divine Doctor's escapades. However, he would be lying if he wasn't curious about what he wanted with the Garden of Salvation.

It sounded far-fetched to assume that he had information outside of the information that Rui had not obtained with all his political resources. If that was the case, based on everything that they both knew, Rui was unable to understand exactly what he sought from the Garden of Salvation.

Perhaps, as a doctor, he was curious about the mechanics at play that allowed for the environment to alter fundamentally to perfectly cater to each and every single individual species. It was plausible, but it was slightly disconnected from what the Beggar Sage had told him about the man. It was even possible that the Divine Doctor was looking for his patient in the Garden of Salvation. A patient with a condition so dire that it interested a man who had cured death would certainly be in need of a haven of safety.

However, the Beggar Sage had told him that the man was in the Beast Domain to diagnose an illness. He had allegedly not gone there to meet a patient. Thus, a hypothesis that seemed quite likely was not true.

"Huff…" Rui shook his head, putting the matter aside. He didn't know what mischief these madmen were up to, and it wasn't important.

The only question was whether the Divine Doctor had actually succeeded in his plan and how Rui and Kane would successfully find and enter the Garden of Salvation.

Unfortunately, Rui had no definitive plan this time. He kept revisiting every detail of the Garden of Salvation that he had stored in his Mind Palace ever since then. The claims that it was in the northern part of the Beast Domain came from Martial Masters, who did not require manual transportation to safety, allegedly. Yet once they were let just outside of the Garden of Salvation, they never saw it again.

Rui found this extremely puzzling because it violated…well, everything knew about distance and space. It was almost as if the Garden of Salvation was its own world.

Or, not real.

That was the worst-case scenario.

If it wasn't real, then Rui had absolutely nothing to go off of anymore. They would be completely in the dark.

The only intelligence that Rui had was that he would have met the Divine Doctor on a beach. But that simply was nowhere near enough information for a blind search. Rui began growing increasingly anxious and fearful of the prospects of finding the Divine Doctor. Everything had been going just fine when Rui had been narrowing down the possibilities of paths forward to regions that had disruptions and then relying on memories to figure out which path the Divine Doctor had taken.

Now, however, Rui had absolutely no idea which path the Divine Doctor had gone down. While he could try to track down different disruptions and try to stick to the advice of 'follow the unique chaos' that he had gotten from the Beggar Sage, the issue was that there was too much ground to cover. There were many chaotic disruptions in the Beast Domain, and Rui couldn't explore all of them without something limiting all the various possibilities.

"So how are we going to find the Garden Salvation?" Kane asked as they headed towards the northern part of the Beast Domain.

"Our goal is not to find it," Rui replied. "It's to enter it."

Kane understood the subtext of what he conveyed. "So we're going to try to get in without actually finding it?"

"Exactly," Rui replied calmly. "I don't think we can find the Garden of Salvation, certainly not just by searching for it physically. If Martial Artists of higher Realms have tried and failed, then I don't think I can succeed."

"Well, then what's the point of going to the northern part of the Beast Domain to where the Garden of Salvation is supposed to be if we're not going to search for it?"

"Statistics," Rui answered. "An overwhelming proportion of people who entered the Garden of Salvation did so from the northern hemisphere of the Beast Domain, which lends some credence to the claim that it is in the north. It also increases the probability that we'll get into the Garden of Salvation." Th.ê most uptod/at𝓮 n𝒐vels a/re published on n(0)velbj)n(.)c/o/m

"Makes sense," Kane admitted. "But surely there's more, right? Just going to the north of the Beast Domain is not going to do much."

"Correct," Rui replied with an uncertain tone. "I have some plans. Some of them are a bit, well, questionable."

Kane threw a dubious glance at Rui. "Just how questionable are we talking about?"

"So questionable that we will cede the right to talk smack about the Divine Doctor's questionable plans," Rui smiled wryly. "See, you two are birds of a feather."

"Is that a compliment or an insult?"

Kane remained silent, refusing to answer.

-



