Chapter 1901  The Inception of Intent



Over the next few days, Rui immersed himself in the newest idea for his Martial Art technique. A technique that could allow him to read his opponent's mind to some degree by hypnotizing them such that their non-verbal communication reflected their mind to a certain degree.

This was possible if one was in a trance, which was a state of semi-consciousness. In this state, the subconscious mind gained greater control over the body. What Rui was particularly interested in was the fact that he could read what the subconscious mind was conveying much more easily.

Thus, in regards to the catoblepas, Rui needed to develop a technique that put them in a trance where they would relive the memories of the Divine Doctor. He could trigger them into doing so by showing them the visual depiction of the Divine Doctor as he had before, except, this time, he would be doing it to them while they were in a trance.

The visual depiction of the Divine Doctor would trigger associated memories, causing them to relive them, which, in turn, would be reflected in their non-verbal communication. In this manner, he would be able to get detailed access to their memories, hopefully.

However, Rui was enthusiastic about the prospects of such a Martial Art technique beyond just the catoblepas.

"If I can put my opponents in a quasi-trance mid-battle and cause their subconscious minds to gain a stronger hold over their body such that it reflects their intent well ahead of time…" Rui could not contain the sheer excitement that he felt at the prospects of such a technique.

Reading the subconscious mind through non-verbal communication could do much more than allow him to read intent in the conscious mind.

It could allow him to read the very inception of intent that occurred in the subconscious mind!

Rui recalled a paper on a rather groundbreaking experiment that he had read back on Earth during the development of the VOID algorithm.

The physiologist Benjamin Libet once famously used an EEG to show that activity in the brain's motor cortex could be detected three hundred milliseconds before a person felt that they had decided to move.

Another lab extended this work using functional magnetic resonance imaging (fMRI): Subjects were asked to press one of two buttons while watching a clock composed of a random sequence of letters appearing on a screen. They reported which letter was visible at the moment they decided to press one button or the other. The experimenters found two regions of the brain that contained information about which button subjects would press a full seven to ten seconds before the decision was consciously made. More recently, direct recordings from the cortex showed that the activity of merely two hundred and fifty-six neurons was sufficient to predict with eighty percent accuracy a person's decision to move seven hundred milliseconds before he became aware of it.

In other words, if Rui could read any extent of a person's subconscious mind by placing them in a quasi-trance such that their non-verbal communication reflected their subconscious mind, he could read the very inception of intent!

He fidgeted impatiently, trying to temper his enthusiasm and excitement. Naturally, he recognized that this could not possibly be as smooth as he had hoped.

Even if the creation of the technique went smoothly, which he doubted, the technique itself would not be able to allow him to accurately interpret the language of non-verbal communication.

While non-verbal communication was universal, that did not mean it was universally identical.

Everybody had a partially unique non-verbal communication language.

It could be thought of as regional dialects and accents to a national language. English was a widespread language on Earth, but it had its variants, different dialects, and all manners of accents impeding sophisticated communication even among its speakers. There was enough overlap for smooth general communication. But the moment Rui wanted to read something as precise as the activation of a few hundred neurons out of billions, he would need to know their language.

"Tsk," Rui tutted. He had hoped to find a low-hanging fruit that he had somehow missed before that would give massive upgrades to his Martial Art at a particularly low price, but alas. It could not be helped.

08:24

Thankfully, the path to fulfilling his vision was not mired in mist. "If everybody has a different language, then…" His eyes narrowed. "I'll just have to decode their language."

Linguists did it all the time. When approaching the script of an entirely unfamiliar language, they would begin looking for patterns and associations that could help them learn the language's meanings.

In the context of Rui's new idea, he could employ a pattern recognition system designed to understand the correlation between conveyed non-verbal communication and the intent of his opponent.

Thus, if he observed a particular set of physiological changes and micro-movements that were immediately followed by a roundhouse kick, then the next time he saw those very same physiological changes and micro-movements, he could infer that his opponent's intent was to throw a roundhouse kick.

Of course, this was an oversimplification. He would need a much larger dataset than a single data point. But Martial Artists threw thousands, tens of thousands, or even more kicks every second. In other words, he had plenty of data to work with.

"In order to process that data and learn the unique language of subconsciousness…" Rui uttered, immersed in thought. "I'll need a new system of thought."

A wide smile emerged on his face at the realization. His Martial Mind was already quite large with the VOID algorithm and the Angel of Laplace. The addition of a new system of thought to his nascent Martial Mind, especially one as large and sophisticated as what he had conceived, would undoubtedly push him much closer to a higher Realm of power!

"Chief," Kane broke him out of his reverie. "Before you get absorbed into whatever it is that has caught your attention this time, do something about the catoblepas."

-VịSit no(v)3lb/!n(.)c𝒐m for new 𝒏ov𝒆l𝒔



Chapter 1902 Similiarities

﻿﻿"Don't worry." Rui grinned. "I intend to tackle them and more."

"Uh huh," Kane stared at him skeptically.

Rui sat down and began fleshing out the concepts of his new idea for a technique.

The objective of the new technique was dual. He needed it to be able to help him read the memories of the catoblepas and give him more intelligence on the Divine Doctor so he could find the madman and get him to heal his father.

This was more immediate and urgent.

Secondarily, he hoped the technique would allow him to read the inception of intent that occurred within the subconscious mind.

He would rather not compromise on either objective. Thus, he needed a technique that perfectly catered to both of them.

Memory and intent were not neurologically comparable phenomena. The former could be characterized as neuron pathways formed by neuron plasticity. The latter was the set of electrical impulses that were to be sent from the brain to the rest of the body through the central nervous system.

This made the development of the technique to read both of them trickier than if he focused only on one. However, it was not unsurmountable.

"The subconscious mind is the avenue of the inception of intent, and while memories do not originate in the subconscious mind exclusively, they can be read through the subconscious mind in a trance state as long as the person believes that they are actually experiencing those memories in real life."

It was the same principle as the Phantomind Void.

"Reading the subconscious mind is the key solution to reading both triggered memories of the Divine Doctor. As long as I can accomplish that, it's game over," he realized.

His initial idea was to read the subconscious mind by putting the person in a trance. In this state, the subconscious would take more primacy in the body, allowing for deeper non-verbal communication from it to anybody listening.

"How do I put people in a trance mid-combat?" Rui wondered.

He had learned the principle of trances from Master Zeamer. Trances were states of semi-consciousness that could be triggered through hypnosis, which, in turn, was simply impacting the subconscious mind by diverting the conscious mind away from it through misdirection.

The latter served as a guard to the former, requiring it to be misdirected momentarily to leave the subconscious mind open and vulnerable to influence.

There was only one issue.

"Trances are… the most difficult hypnosis to trigger in the middle of combat," Rui heaved a sigh with uncertainty.

They required not just that the conscious mind be misdirected but also be dimmed to a semi-conscious state such that the subconscious mind took some primacy. Because of the additional requirement that trances had in comparison to hypnosis, triggering them mid-combat was impossible through regular hypnosis.

If Rui tried to trigger normal trances mid-combat, even with his evolved mind, a hundred-percent success rate was doubtful at best.

"I could spend many years training and heightening my mind, but…" Rui scratched his fuzzy chin. "I don't have time for that."

He needed to bypass the hurdle through a less time-

consuming solution.

"Trances," Rui uttered the word like it was an incantation. "Ordinary humans can cause them too."

The difference between human hypnosis and Martial hypnosis was that Martial Artists could trigger hypnosis against the will of the target, while humans could only do so with the active cooperation of the target and in environments with minimized sensory stimuli.

They needed an environment with dimmed sensory stimuli because the greater the sensory stimuli, the more active and awake the conscious mind was. It was also why the targets were instructed to close their eyes. It was almost impossible to put someone in a trance when their eyes were constantly bombarding their conscious mind with visual sensory data.

This was another reason why putting someone in a trance mid-combat was implausible. Martial Artists could not ask their opponents to close their eyes and take them to an environment with no sensory stimuli.

"Or can I?" Rui's eyes widened as a thunderous realization dawned on him. "What if I use domains to dim sensory stimuli to massively ease the difficulty of putting people in a trance?"

He froze as his eyes wandered around, deeply engrossed in thought.

Domains were regions where users were able to manipulate heaven and earth and the skies and the lands by manipulating their breath.

If Rui could create a domain that was opaque, in that it completely obstructed all light to the target's eyes, then it was no different from the target closing their eyes, was it not? It would be complete darkness in both cases.

He could also have the domain completely mask all sound and scent and prevent all touch, further sealing three more senses.

"If I employ such a domain while simultaneously hypnotizing them into a trance, then…" Rui's eyes widened even more. "The success rate will be far higher!"

It would instantly turn the trance into a viable technique, allowing him to then start reading their non-verbal communication and decoding their language with a new system of thought, which would eventually allow him to read their intent much ahead of time.

Once that was accomplished, the combined power of the VOID algorithm and this new intent-reading model would give him such enormous predictive power that even the Silas Clan would drool!

"Damn!" Rui cursed, rejoicing. "This is going to be so awesome."

He had to physically exert control to stop himself from vibrating with excitement. Yet, no matter how much he tried, he could not prevent the elation from leaking out.

"Why are you tweaking?" Kane tilted his head confused.

Rui turned to him with sparkling eyes.

CLASP

He put his hands on Kane's shoulders. "From this day forth, you shall be my new test subject."

It was at that moment that Kane remembered that Rui was more similar to the Divine Doctor than he would care to admit.

He braced himself for a rocky voyage ahead.

-VịSit no(v)3lb/!n(.)c𝒐m for new 𝒏ov𝒆l𝒔



Chapter 1903 Quality Vs Quantity

﻿﻿While Kane broke into a cold sweat at the prospect of being a test subject in the R&D process of Rui's technique projects, Rui continued to flesh out the technique.

To read the subconscious mind, he would put his victim in a trance where the subconscious mind had greater primacy over the body, conveying greater amounts of information through non-verbal communication.

To put them in a trance, he would need to apply hypnosis, distracting his opponent's conscious mind and awareness to leave their subconscious mind exposed. And then, he had to implant the classic hypnotic suggestion of sleep. Of course, this would not cause them to actually sleep, but it would put them in a minor trance where their subconscious mind's influence and control were magnified.

This was normally impossible due to sensory stimuli keeping the conscious mind active, which, in turn, could be mitigated by using a domain to kill sensory stimuli, making it easier for the conscious mind to be dimmed in its primacy.

Thus, the technique would require a domain-hypnosis hybrid technique to put the mind into a trance, as well as an intent-pattern recognition system of thought to then create an intent-evaluation model allowing him to read the intent conveyed through non-verbal communication.

As such, the technique blueprint was divided into two parts: the trance-induction half and the intent-evaluation half.

The former required a domain-hypnosis technique. This was an extremely novel endeavor as far as Rui was concerned.

Domain manipulation was extremely rare. Even in the Kandrian Empire, with a whopping one hundred and fifty Martial Masters, there was merely a single domain-oriented Martial Artist.

Mind-oriented Martial Artists were not nearly as rare but were certainly far from frequent or common.Thê sourc𝗲 of this conte/nt n/o/v/(𝒆l)bi((n))

How many martial artists could walk down both paths?

Not only walk down already trodden paths, but forge their own paths down the two fields and even try to merge them?

He would be surprised if it'd been ever attempted, let alone in the Lower Realms. However, it made sense to Rui. Sensory input was the channel through which hypnosis functioned. Domains manipulated heaven and earth, the very environment around them, and their target. This allowed for spectacular manipulation of the mind.

"Damn," Rui cursed. "It was stupid of me to fail to make this realization earlier."

By his standards, at least. Most people would not have ever come up with the idea to mix fields that were so different from each other in such an incredibly synergistic manner. He added one more idea to his list of ideas to explore: the synergy between domains and hypnotic techniques.

This was a long-term agenda that was far from urgent. He would deal with it after the matter with his father came to a close, one way or another.

"I have enough on my plate at the moment," Rui heaved a sigh.

Yet it couldn't dampen his excitement. The prospect of enhancing his pattern recognition system with an intent evaluation system was too great.

Even conservative evaluations of how much this would improve his combat prowess were high. If this project panned out exactly how he hoped it would, then he would be able to claim the title of the strongest Martial Senior with much greater confidence than simply by virtue of narrowly edging out a victory against the Gatekeeper.

The totality of his system of thought with the VOID algorithm, the Angel of Laplace, and now this new project would elevate his nascent system of thought to unprecedented levels within the Senior Realm.

He was deeply skeptical of the existence of a Martial Senior who had harnessed thought better than him. The Martial Union would not have allocated thirty-one trillion Martial Credits to the dissemination of his Martial Path as a field of thought if what he had to offer was not truly worth the expenditure of the capital.

The sheer amount of information that he would be processing and decisioning based on was probably groundbreaking within the Senior Realm.

It was so overwhelming that, just for a brief moment, Rui wondered whether his capacity for thought was on par with a Martial Master.

"Pssht, no shot," he grumbled.

Martial Masters had extra parts of the brain aiding their thought. Rui was extremely smart, especially in his capacity to process information, but he could not beat such neurological capital.

The conscious mind of Martial Masters spanned a larger part of the brain than normal humans and Martial Artists of the Lower Realms. The additional volume that the consciousness spanned was significantly larger, but the boost in processing that it made was also disproportionately greater.

An X-percent boost in brain volume did not yield an X-percent boost in brain processing, it yielded an X^10-percent boost.

This disproportionately high exponential boost was due to the fact that cognition was not born from the number of neurons in the brain; it was born from the number of neuron pathways. Neuron pathways were simply chains or connections of neurons, and they were the basis of memory and processing. The more neuron pathways the conscious mind had, the greater the cognition.

The number of new possible connections gained simply by adding a single neuron to the brain was in the trillions. After all, a single neuron could form individual connections through each other neuron, resulting in countless permutations and combinations of neuron pathways.

What would happen if an entire chunk of a brain, containing billions of neurons, was added to the conscious mind?

The number of new permutations of possible neuron connections would reach a mind-bogglingly high number. All these countless neuron connections would boost cognition astronomically in regard to combat. That was why Martial Masters were leagues above Rui, even if he had a high-quality capacity to process information.

His mind had evolved deep into genius-level territory, having undergone prodigious cognitive growth from experiencing childhood a second time. It was reaching extreme intelligence. However, that spoke to his quality of thought. The number of neurons in his conscious mind was not greater than the average Martial Senior.

If his capacity for thought was ten times greater than it would be thanks to quality, Martial Masters would be more than a hundred times greater thanks to quantity.

It begged the question, though. What would happen when Rui broke through to the Realm and harnessed both the quality and quantity?

-



Chapter 1904 Project Telepath

﻿﻿The very prospects of entering the Master Realm had grown more attractive with his earlier considerations. Rui had an inherently high quality of thought. Once his conscious mind grew large and gained the quantity of thought of the Martial Mind, he would probably reach levels that he could not even begin to imagine.

For that, he needed to develop his Martial Mind and system of thought beyond his limits so that when the time came, his consciousness could expand beyond its current limits, encompassing a larger part of his brain. It would serve as an operating system for the newly annexed parts of the brain, while the Martial Mind would serve as combat software.

He shook his head. "I have no idea how close or far I am."

The creation of a latent Martial Mind was something that normally took decades, sometimes even centuries. Furthermore, Rui had long been informed that his path to the Master Realm was much harder than that of his peers. Thus, it was difficult to be optimistic that he was close.

If that was it, then he could be certain that he was still far from reaching the finish line; however, the fact that he retained the VOID algorithm in his memories after reincarnating made it difficult to understand how near he was to his goal because of the immense headstart he had gotten.

The VOID algorithm had taken him decades to create and refine in his previous life. Thus, in a sense, he had already fulfilled a solid part of the journey to the Master Realm in his previous life!

"Whatever," he muttered. "I will break through when I break through."

Agonizing about it was not going to help. If he had time for that, he would rather work on his Martial Mind and actually put in effort into getting closer to his goal.

His attention immediately returned to the matter at hand.

"I need to give this project a new name," Rui contemplated. "Hmmm…how about Project Telepath?"

It was good enough as far as he was concerned.

He quickly began working on the first half of Project Telepath. The domain-hypnosis hybrid technique that would allow him to successfully put his opponent in a mild trance mid-combat was the first hurdle that he needed to overcome.

It was essentially a technique inside a technique.

"Actually, it would be cleaner to think of it as entirely separate from the system of thought needed to read individualized non-verbal communication," Rui realized.

In that case, Project Telepath could be thought of as the creation of two separate techniques that were co-dependent.

"The outcome doesn't really change, so I suppose it doesn't matter," Rui murmured. "Ultimately, a domain-hypnosis hybrid technique needs to be formed."

He immediately began considering the broader skeletal structure of the technique. For one, the domain and the hypnosis not only needed to occur simultaneously, it was best if he completely integrated them together into a single technique.VịSit no(v)3lb/!n(.)c𝒐m for new 𝒏ov𝒆l𝒔

In other words, using a domain not only kills all sensory stimuli but also aids in hypnosis.

"I don't think I can completely fuse them. A domain cannot misdirect because domains don't have non-verbal communication."

Or maybe they could? It was another avenue of research he put down for later, but for now, he would need to take care of the misdirection aspect of hypnosis.

There were two parts to hypnosis. To hypnotize was to a) misdirect the consciousness's awareness away from him so that it no longer impeded him from b) impacting the subconscious mind with a hypnotic suggestion. He would take care of the first part while letting the domain partially handle the second part, as well as dimming sensory stimuli.

Those two went hand in hand.

Light played an enormous role in the activity of the conscious mind.

In fact, Rui knew that there was substantial research showing that the artificial lighting of human civilization was one of the greatest reasons for modern insomnia.

While conducting research into the importance of sleep for UFC fighters in his previous life, Rui came across a paper on an experiment conducted where a group of city dwellers who reported extreme insomnia were taken away from any artificial lighting to a camp in nature. Each participant slept for a healthy seven to eight hours on the very first night.

The underlying principle of sensory input influencing levels of conscious activity was also relevant to hypnosis. The moment he got the domain to largely cut off all sensory input, the propensity of a person's conscious mind to reduce in awareness and activity to enter a trance was much higher.

"Naturally, it's impossible to cut off all sensory input," Rui admitted. "Otherwise, I could just ambush them in the darkness. However, I can get rid of a substantial amount."

He immediately began dissecting the sensory input-blocking mechanisms of the domain technique. It was possible for him to manipulate the air such that it became opaque. He could even significantly hamper sound and scent to a great degree. However, at the Senior Realm, that was not enough to hamper his opponents in combat at all.

That was just enough to allow him to misdirect them using Phantomind Void and his three-dimensional image of Master Uma and then convey a simple suggestion to the subconscious mind.

Sleep.

Of course, he didn't expect them to sleep. But a mild trance was definitely achievable and the desired objective.

"Alright, now I just need to get down the heaven-bending and earth-bending to nail the domain blackout," Rui uttered, activating a breathing technique as he began manipulating heaven and earth with breath-bending.

He had some ideas of how to go about the blackout.

The sound, odor, and touch parts were well within his ability to sabotage.

However, cutting off light with air alone would require not just physical density but also optical density. The latter was new. He would need to spend a lot of time developing mastery over the manipulation of optical density to cut off light entirely.

Thankfully, he had the perfect teacher for manipulating optical density.

He glanced around at the Valley of Prisms with a smile.

-



Chapter 1905 Rationalizations

﻿﻿The Valley of Prisms got its name because the atmosphere had variable optical density such that light was bent and scattered while traveling through it.

Anybody who relied on vision alone would be doomed; unable to navigate properly and prone to suffering psychological damage and madness over time. Meanwhile, the lifeforms of the Valley of Prisms had evolved different senses, and their vision had dimmed.

It spoke volumes that, despite this, the Divine Doctor had somehow been the one to drive the catoblepas insane instead!

The prism effect of the valley was known to come from its esoteric vegetation interacting with the atmosphere in such a way that the gaseous exchanges caused the optical density of the atmosphere to be entirely non-uniform.

If Rui could study this, then he ought to be able to replicate the alteration in the optical density of the air, allowing him to bend and potentially even halt light in its path. Normally, he would need the guidance of a teacher like Master Gurren to aid him with that, but he had the very next best option at his disposal.

The Valley of Prisms would be his teacher.

At that moment, Rui felt an enormous amount of gratitude to the universe for guiding him to this destination with this particular purpose. For some reason, he had developed a blindspot to the possibilities that he had currently set out to explore.

Just thinking about how long it would have taken him to come up with this idea, if at all, in the first place, made his head spin.

Of course, there was another person he needed to thank.

"Thanks for the advice, Kane," Rui turned towards him. "Wouldn't have figured it out without you."

"Can I skip being a test subject then?"

"Heh, you wish."

"Damn."

Rui smirked as he returned to the issue at hand.

He had already plotted out a systematic study of the Valley of Prisms while he replicated its optical density shenanigans over time.

Even before he embarked on this project, he knew it was going to take time. He was creating a highly sophisticated and complex technique that would allow him to read minds indirectly.

On top of that, it was multi-faceted, and each facet was essentially its own technique.

Additionally, Rui had to spend some time engaging in empirical research on his environment. After said research, he would need to spend even more time in developing and mastering the heaven-bending needed to alter optical density.

"This is definitely gonna take a while," Rui heaved a sigh.

He had far too much experience in undertaking major technique projects to possibly believe that this could possibly be finished within a year.

Had he been in any other situation, he would not have batted an eye at such timeframes, but he was under a tight schedule. He only had three years and eight months left until his father succumbed to the Eternal Dream Disease.

That was not immediate, but it was not too much time considering how difficult it would be to actually traverse the Beast Domain once they went deeper and deeper.

Yet he had already made his decision.

"I'll manage." His eyes sharpened.

This project would drastically reduce the difficulty of finding the Divine Doctor. It was clear that the Divine Doctor had a penchant for making an impression that stuck.

Using Project Telepath, he could constantly dig up intelligence on the Divine Doctor from the animals of the regions that he visited. This would drastically cut down the investigation process than if he had to rely on hoping forenvironmental clues that would lead him to his target.

Rui found the latter to be very dubious.

The Valley of Prisms had already proven that the Divine Doctor could cause mass havoc and demographic-altering disruptions without leaving so much as a hint of a physical clue. The utility and necessity for Project Telepath in the pursuit of the Divine Doctor became increasingly clear the more Rui critically analyzed the prospects of finding him.

"It's hopeless unless I can tap into memory."

The only issue was if the Divine Doctor had passed through areas devoid of life. In such a case, there would be no animals whose memories he could tap into to learn more about the Divine Doctor's travels through the Beast Domain.

This was deeply unlikely to happen, however.Ne/w novel chapt𝒆rs are p/u/blished on no/vel(/bin(.)c/o/m

Humanity's constant encroachment and annexation of the Beast Domain had made it so that the population density of the Beast Domain had risen by nearly an order of magnitude since the dawn of the Age of Martial Art.

There was not enough space for all fauna; massively empty regions were thus increasingly rarer with each passing year.

"On top of that, memories of beasts and monsters are not subject to being eroded by changes in the Beast Domain," Rui keenly realized.

Physical clues were subject to being eroded by the volatile environment of the Beast Domain. The same could not be said for memories that were relatively untouched by physical erosion. Thus, it could be argued that clues in memory were the first and primary avenue of investigation that Rui ought to undertake rather than focusing on the environment at all.

However, while all of these reasons were logical and sound, Rui knew that they were rationalizations.

The true reason he wanted to proceed with Project Telepath was rather simple.

A wide grin emerged on his face. "It brings me one step closer to fulfilling Project Water. It brings me one step closer to reaching the Master Realm."

Rui was glad that Project Telepath could help find the Divine Doctor, but he would be lying if he said that he would drop the project if it didn't help with that objective. The same drive motivating him to find the Divine Doctor in the first place was also the drive that caused him to prioritize his Martial Path over finding the Divine Doctor.

Thankfully, in this case, he didn't need to choose between the two of them.

-



Chapter 1906  Trial and Error



Months passed as Rui began working on the domain technique. He took his time studying the esoteric flora of the Valley of Prisms, breaking down the manner in which the optical density of light was altered and how the changes in optical density affected the passage of light.

Simultaneously, he began trying to replicate those effects with heaven-bending. It wasn't easy. However, the foundation that he had gotten from Master Gurren was quite solid. On top of that, he also had experience with manipulating the optical density of the air in other ways when he created the telescopic technique for Master Gurren.

Unfortunately, the heaven-bending needed to magnify light was extremely different from the heaven-bending needed to halt light in its path. It was challenging, but he worked hard in trying to figure out the most efficient and effective way to make light opaque.

Even turning the air into a solid through heavy compression was not enough. In many cases, this simply yielded a translucent and even transparent medium through which light had no trouble passing through.

While he worked on the opaqueness of the domain, he also fleshed out its other aspects that were to aid hypnosis. Those, though, were much easier to handle.

One thing that became extremely evident was that this technique did not necessitate tremendous exertion of power. Since the purpose of the technique was to block sensory information, it was not a physical combat technique like many of the other domain techniques of the Yggdrasil System.

That was great because it made it easier to employ while fighting. At the current moment, he had only begun to endeavor passive mastery of domains so that he would be able to seamlessly use them in combat without letting them hamper him.

Thankfully, this technique would come with passive mastery pre-loaded into it due to how little of a burden it would be to execute.

Kane lamented ever springing the idea in Rui's head inadvertently as Rui made him sit in the center of the domain to report how well the it impeded sensory input and how much it had improved since the previous prototype. He essentially became a glorified senso to allow Rui to record observations.

"Alright," Rui remarked. "Commencing trial number S38-174. The aim of this trial is to measure the impact of a one-point-eight-percent increase in the density of air through spiral compression on sensory input, as measured by our test subject, Kane."

Kane raised his hand in response, heaving a tired sigh.

In the past few months, Rui had been conducting relentless trials in various heaven-bending approaches in his endeavor to create a domain. He applied an approach similar to most rigorous R&D projects, taking trial after trial to systematically measure the outcomes of several experiments in their objectives of creating the best product as a result.

It was at that moment that Kane felt a pang of regret in joining Rui to find the Divine Doctor in the Beast Domain.

BADUMP!

Rui's Martial Heart blazed into life as a surge of power emerged from deep within his body. R/ê/Ad lat𝙚St ch/a/pters at nô(v)e(l)bin/.c/o//m Only

"Here we go," he murmured, activating a powerful breathing technique, bending the vectors generated by his breathing to manipulate the entire atmosphere, causing air to spirally converge in the region around Kane.

Suddenly, Kane's sense of vision dimmed significantly as he carefully paid attention to what he saw.

"That's definitely a little darker than before," Kane announced.

"How much darker?"

"I dunno, like ten percent maybe? Around that much."

"Hmmm…noted," Rui added a new record in his mental journal as he began altering the domain technique to include the new improvement he had made.

"Hey, how long is this going to take?" Kane arched an eyebrow. "Because we can't spend forever in the Valley of Prisms, you know? It's already been two months since we came here."

"I don't think this will end anytime soon," Rui replied, immersed in his own thoughts.

"You're not going to find the Divine Doctor at this rate, you know?" Kane yawned.

Rui paused, turning to him. "I have no intention of giving up on that. Besides, this project will cut the rest of our journey quite short. We probably won't have to spend tons of time per region from here on out. With this new technique, we can scan their memories the moment we get there and leave ASAP."

Kane shrugged. "Your choice."

He didn't mind whatever decision Rui made; he was just there to stick with him for the journey.

While Rui relaxed from an intense R&D session to develop the domain, he began working on the other aspects of the Project Telepath.

Namely, the most important part of the technique project was the system of thought decoding his target's language of non-verbal communication. It was a shame that he wasn't a linguist or a behavioral psychologist.

Of course, being either wasn't strictly necessary in the pursuit of understanding non-verbal languages, and he had to admit that he had the knowledge needed to create a system of thought. It was just going to be rather difficult.

In his previous life, creating the VOID algorithm had been a project spanning more than twenty years. In his current life, his mind was vastly more powerful due to having undergone a second route of astronomical growth from infancy to adulthood. He could complete similarly enormous projects in just a fraction of the time within the confines of his massive Mind Palace.

'A system of thought to decode the language of non-verbal communication,' Rui mused. 'Such a system will need to satisfy several criteria. Firstly, I will need to be able to identify the various elements and layers of non-verbal communication and categorize them appropriately when I record them.'

Non-verbal communication was far more multi-dimensional than verbal communication. The latter only conveyed information through sound. Non-verbal communication, however, was communicated through various other senses, sometimes even all five and more. Those weren't the only manners in which one could categorize them.

-



Chapter 1907  Complexity of Data



In addition to different media of communication via various senses, they could also be categorized in terms of the biological aspects. They could be divided into implicit and explicit non-verbal communication. The former were changes in a person that were non-muscle in nature; i.e., they were not movements in the body caused by the muscular system. To put more simply, they were, for example, not caused by moving a muscle in the arm.

These changes included variations in body temperature, heart rate, perspiration, and respiration. Non-verbal communication could also be thought of as voluntary and non-voluntary.

With so many facets and aspects of non-verbal communication, categorizing it in his head when he recorded it mid-fight was extremely important.

Thus, one of the most important requirements of the system of thought for Project Telepath was categorization and organization.

Rui had already spent some time developing a set of protocols when handling information in his Mind Palace.

It involved dividing the non-verbal communication that he perceived into finer data points and then tagging each data point with its respective category. Since these categories were not strictly mutually exclusive, it was possible for each data point to have multiple tags such as 'voluntary non-verbal communication,' 'explicit non-verbal communication,' and 'visual, non-verbal communication.'

This allowed him to perform more sophisticated statistical operations on the various datasets formed by data points of a given dataset. Only when he had a robust and sophisticated organization of data to maximize the efficiency and effectiveness of thought could he begin pattern recognition of intent.

This was the easier part. Pattern recognition of intent was, in some ways, expanding the existing pattern recognition system of the VOID algorithm to include non-verbal communication of the intent at its inception in the subconscious mind.

In other words, the only reason it didn't exist before was because the inception of intent was never conveyed before.

That had now been solved thanks to putting his opponent in a trance.

A new dimension of data had presented itself, and he would need to create a corresponding system of thought to process it.

"It is best distinguished from the pattern recognition system of the VOID algorithm, however," Rui realized. "There are important distinctions between the existing pattern recognition system and the new system of thought I am creating."

For one, the existing pattern recognition system detected patterns in actions exclusively. This new system of thought detected patterns between subconscious non-verbal communication and intent at its inception. Naturally, intent conveyed what movements would be made, but that was derivative.

Thus, the existing pattern recognition was of physical patterns, while the new one was of psychological patterns.

This difference was enough for Rui to distinguish it as wholly separate. VịSit no(v)3lb/!n(.)c𝒐m for new 𝒏ov𝒆l𝒔

"I should come up with a proper name for it, one worthy of a system of thought so profound," Rui muttered. "Hmmm…"

It needed to contain several keywords that were important to it. The non-verbal communication and intent were both subconscious; thus, that was a good start. It was a system of thought that worked on data that was procured through observation; that, too, was a good word to add.

What was being evaluated was language. Subconscious non-verbal language, but a language nonetheless. Thus, language was a good word to add as well.

On top of that, the communication was unilateral. It was unidirectional. His opponent was put in a trance, causing them to communicate their intent subconsciously and non-verbally unilaterally.

"Subconscious Observational Unilateral Language System," Rui decided. "Or, the SOUL System, for short."

The fact that the acronym turned out to be a word with some significance was, well, purely a coincidence.

Regardless, the SOUL System currently existed only in name. He hadn't even finished working on the processing protocols for raw subconscious non-verbal communication data. He certainly had not finished the development process of the Intent Evaluation model that would actually allow him to read subconscious intent at its inception.

However, he had completed the overall structure of the SOUL System.

The first step in the activation of the system would be processing and categorizing data into various categories, painstakingly tagging every data-point with multiple tags.

The second step was to form an association between a particular set of subconscious non-verbal communication data and its corresponding intent, as retroactively measured by actions taken. He would continue doing this hundreds, thousands, and millions of times.

Then, it was a matter of counting the number of associations between a given set of subconscious non-verbal communication taken and intent. If it turned out that there were recurring associations between particular communication and intent, then he could be certain he had found out what said communication meant.

Given how fast Martial Artists fought, they could have an astronomical amount of data very quickly, allowing them to form tons of associations and flag the most recurring pairs as having cracked those parts of the language.

The third step involved taking the more recurring and strongly associated pairs and integrating them into the predictive model.

The moment his opponent's subconscious non-verbal communication matched that of anything in the predictive model, he could pull up the strongly associated intent and be relatively certain that it was his opponent's intent.

This part was very similar to the decoding of ancient languages and their scripts. If a particular symbol, say '$', was associated with money over and over, then linguists would infer the presence of money if they ever saw '$' somewhere else.

The SOUL System was doing a far more complex and sophisticated version of that with communication and intent.

"Man, this is going to take a while," Rui murmured inwardly to himself.

Thankfully, he could heavily borrow from the VOID algorithm, cutting down a project that would otherwise take many years. If not for that, there was no chance in hell he could ever finish such a sophisticated project before his father passed away. As long as he was efficient in his development process, he could finish it with plenty of time to spare.

Or, at least, so he hoped.

-



Chapter 1908 Unfathomable Power

﻿﻿"Commencing trial W68-21," Rui remarked aloud. "The goal is to examine the effect of lowering temperature on the polarization index of the domain medium Mark54634. Previous experiments have yielded results that plot a parabolic locus on a temperature-polarization index graph. The goal of this experiment is to, hopefully, reach a state of complete darkness."

"Must you say that shit out loud each time?" Kane snorted.Ne/w novel chapt𝒆rs are p/u/blished on no/vel(/bin(.)c/o/m

"It makes remembering it a little easier," Rui replied. "I have noted, through empirical experiments, that the memory associations of sound are easier to retain in my Mind Palace than pure thou—"

"I literally don't care," Kane cut through what was undoubtedly going to be a mind-numbing monologue. "Just end this nightmare already."

Rui smirked. "As you wish. Commencing experiment."

He began his heaven-bending, altering temperature to manipulate the polarization index to try jamming light entirely.

"Woah." Kane's eyes widened with shock as pure darkness overtook the entire world. "I can't see anything… It worked!"

Rui's eyes lit up with ecstasy. "FINALLY!"

Kane almost began sobbing with joy. "No more being subjected to the most torturous experiments anymore."

Rui walked up to Kane, putting an arm on his shoulder.

"What are you talking about? Now that the domain has been worked out, we are going to move on to the hypnosis phase. I will have you serve as a proper test subject for that as well."

"No! I refuse!"

Rui laughed at his expense, thoroughly enjoying the tantrum his best friend threw before returning to his own devices.

Half a year had passed, and he had finally made significant progress on the first half of Project Telepath. He had also fleshed out the SOUL System in the last six months, thoroughly ironing out the protocols of thought.

During this period, they had grown used to camping out in the Valley of Prisms. For one, as Martial Seniors, there was nothing there that could threaten them. However, they had experienced the chaos of the Beast Domain even in a region like the Valley of Prisms. Every day, there was some regional disruption of some kind.

Sometimes, it was the invasion of another species of beasts or monsters immigrating from a different part of the Beast Domain. Other times, it was an earthquake triggered by some seismological event happening deeper in the Beast Domain. Most days had some sort of weather disruption that made no sense whatsoever. On other days, it was a Squire-level predator moving into the region to feast on the weak Apprentice-level catoblepas.

Naturally, Rui did not allow so much as a scratch of harm to be inflicted on the catoblepas.

How could he? They were precious carriers of intelligence about the Divine Doctor. The moment Project Telepath was complete, he would use his newly created domain technique and the SOUL System to extract every ounce of information about the Divine Doctor that he could.

In time, however, even the excessive chaos of the Valley of Prisms as a region of the Beast Domain eventually became something that the two of them got used to. The unpredictability became part of their daily routine.

The two of them rapidly grew stronger as they each trained their own techniques. Kane decided that he could not afford to fall behind Rui anymore than he already had. He began working on honing his skills and developing a new technique alongside Rui.

Naturally, he didn't take nearly as much time.

Project Telepath was definitely more complicated than the Hypnomatrix or the Yggdrasil System. It even put the Greater Phantomind Void technique to shame.

It possessed a degree of sophistication that was in the same tier as the VOID algorithm and the Angel of Laplace, increasing the size of Rui's nascent Martial Mind by a whopping fifty-percent.

"Thankfully, the domain technique has been created; I just need to nail down the hypnosis," he remarked. "I shall add this new technique to the Yggdrasil System since it is fundamentally a domain technique. I also need to come up with a corresponding name to match the SOUL System…"

He lingered on the matter before a fitting name entered his mind.

"Soul Void."

He didn't really care about whether that was truly an accurate description. The rule of cool trumped all other considerations.

Regardless, with Soul Void complete, the most difficult and challenging part of the trance-induction part of Project Telepath was done. He then spent his days refining the hypnosis that would go hand-in-hand with the Soul Void technique while also refining the SOUL System's protocols.

On the outside, when he wasn't using Kane as a test subject, he appeared to simply be meditating peacefully.

But internally, his mind was furiously processing a maelstrom of information as it worked towards reaching its desired outcome. During that time, the catoblepas of the Valley of Prisms lived their lives peacefully under the protection of Rui and Kane. They didn't know that they were no different from livestock awaiting slaughter.

Or, in this case, livestock awaiting traumatic recollection of scarring memories.

Unfortunately for them, their mental health was not a priority Rui cared much about. He didn't mind breaking their minds if that was what was required to extract even a single shred of useful information that pointed him in the direction of the Divine Doctor.

In just a blink of an eye, eighteen months passed. His thirty-

third birthday slipped by, unnoticed and uncelebrated. Neither of them, especially Rui, particularly cared for such a thing.

Atop a mountain overseeing the Valley of Prisms sat Rui. His demeanor was one of serenity and peace.

It conveyed profound harmony.

Profound harmony and profound peril.

So much so that the region around him became devoid of life. Be it flora or fauna, be it the microbes that resided in the air and the land, nothing remained in his presence.

Yet, he didn't care.

His mind converged onto a single point.

A mega-structure of data science protocols coalesced into a single mental entity.

The SOUL System.

It radiated unfathomable power from deep within.

He reached forward to it, putting the final block in place.

The final piece of the puzzle.

CLICK

It was complete.

RUMBLE!

The Valley of Prisms shook as the SOUL System came to life, brimming with incomprehensible unfathomable power.

-



Chapter 1909  Heartless



A profound tsunami of power erupted from deep within Rui's mind. It spread far and wide, washing over the entirety of the Valley of Prisms. In just a moment, he had grown almost unrecognizable. An incomprehensible sense of peril radiated from him.

It was different from the palpable power that the Gatekeeper exuded. While the Gatekeeper had reached unprecedented levels of power within the Senior Realm in the pursuit of physicality, Rui was different.

He had attained unprecedented power within the Senior Realm in pursuit of the power of thought alone.

Armed with the SOUL System at hand, Rui's capacity to adaptively evolve to his opponents had risen tremendously, and he had constructed a nascent Martial Mind, the likes of which might never have been constructed in the Senior Realm in history.

The VOID algorithm, the Angel of Laplace, and the SOUL System were three mighty cornerstones of his nascent Martial Mind, each dwarfing the Martial Minds of his peers and contemporaries.

Then, there were minor systems of thought that partially revolved around them, such as the ODA System of the Pathfinder technique. It made his aim extraordinarily good with pure deductive thought alone.

In addition, there were smaller mini-systems of thought, such as the Hypnomatrix system of thought, which was essentially a simple one-step framework of evaluation on which and how much of each hypnotic technique he ought to use.

Together, they came together to form his nascent Martial Mind. Waiting to be awakened.

Rui opened his eyes.

An endless darkness stirred within the depths of his pitch-black eyes.

An endless void.

He glanced at his hands.

"Hmmm…" His eyes sharpened. He knew he had gotten stronger. There was just one issue.

"How much stronger…?" He murmured.

He didn't know.

He was unable to intuit his current level of combat power. He could make very educated guesses on how powerful the SOUL System was in its output, but it became even harder to estimate how much stronger it made him and what caliber of opponents he could defeat.

STEP

Kane landed atop the mountain from the skies, glancing at Rui with a knowing look. A wide smile emerged on his face as he recognized the sight before his very eyes.

"You bastard," he grinned. "You did it again."

He had experienced this sensation twice in the past.

Once when Rui became the strongest Martial Apprentice.

And when Rui became the strongest Martial Squire.

Looking at Rui again made a truth quite evident to him. He had become the strongest of his Realm once more.

"You want to test your new power against me?" Kane asked enthusiastically.

Rui's eyes shifted slowly, meeting Kane's. His long hair fell over as he tilted his head, sizing Kane up.

"You've grown stronger too…" he muttered. "But…"

He shook his head. "I know you far too well. Even if I try not to, I cannot help but subconsciously use the adaptive evolution that I have gained from knowing you for all my time as a Martial Artist."

At this point, his familiarity with Kane had reached a stage higher than that of anybody else. Even if he wanted to, he could not treat Kane like he was fighting against a stranger.

This biased any evaluation of the SOUL System.

"Fair enough," Kane admitted. "Then why don't we do this? We fight, except this time, your Martial Heart is restricted."

It was an absurd proposition.

The Martial Heart was the gap between Realms. It was the reason that Martial Seniors could kill Martial Squires with a single attack. The idea that a Martial Senior without a Martial Heart could fight one with it was absurd.

Yet, Rui didn't immediately dismiss the proposition. VịSit no(v)3lb/!n(.)c𝒐m for new 𝒏ov𝒆l𝒔

"I'll ditch the knives," Kane offered.

"…Also, the Void Step technique," Rui added.

"Fair."

"Also the Fulminata Godspeed technique."

"Alright."

"Actually, you'll have to ditch all techniques."

"Oh, come on." Kane grinned. "What are you scared of dying?"

"Yes, actually." Rui stared at him incredulously. "Fair enough." Kane shrugged. "Alright, no techniques and no weapons. That definitely makes me much weaker than a grade-one Martial Senior. If not for my Martial Body, I would be no better than a quasi-Senior."

"That's the point," Rui remarked, getting up. "The gap between Realms cannot be bridged by skill alone."

The two of them stood opposite each other.

"Well, let's see you handle the raw power of the Martial Heart alone without one," Kane smirked.

"Hmmm…" Rui took a neutral stance. "Alright."

Kane took a speed-related stance. "It's going to be difficult to stop myself from using any techniques, but…"

His eyes narrowed. A maelstrom of peril erupted from him.

"Here we go."

WHOOSH!

He appeared before Rui at speeds that far exceeded that of sound, thrusting a powerful kick into Rui's gut.

BOOM!

A powerful kick slammed into Rui. Ordinarily, such a weak kick would have been a trivial matter for Rui to halt. Yet, he didn't have his Martial Heart.

He didn't have the power to stop the kick.

WHOOSH!

The kick launched Rui an enormous distance away. He flew kilometers in seconds, crashing into an adjacent mountain.

BOOM!

STEP

Kane arrived at a crater spanning an entire district, studying it. "Are you dead?"

CLACK

A boulder shifted as a hand emerged from a large pile of rubble. As did a voice.

"I'm starting to think you want me dead."

CLACK Boulders, rocks, and sand shifted as Rui emerged from the rubble.

He was entirely unharmed.

Yet Kane wasn't fooled.

"Nemean Blossom and Weaving Blood," Kane whistled knowingly. "That's what you used to survive the last time you got kicked by a Martial Senior without a Martial Heart."

He was referring to the story Rui had told him about almost dying at the hands of a newly broken-through Martial Senior back when Rui was still in the Squire Realm. Rui had avoided death by rapidly shifting between Nemean Blossom and Weaving Blood, allowing him to generate the illusion that he had come away unharmed when, in reality, the Metabody System had burned a lot of energy to allow for that.

"As for wanting you dead…" Kane smirked. "I dunno about that, but I do have some payback to give you for the last year and a half."

--



Chapter 1910  Coping



"Mmm…" Rui dusted himself off with a wry smile. "Well, you've earned the opportunity."

He took a neutral stance. "But I have no intention of accepting payback that easily."

"Oh, come on, you don't think you can actually win under these circumstances, can you?"

"Who knows." Rui shrugged calmly. "Finding out is the reason I accepted the challenge at all."

"Well, let's find out then!" Kane's legs furled, garnering potential energy. In just a moment, he shot off at Rui at blindingly fast speeds.

It was well within Rui's prediction. 'Temporal Disharmony.' "Tsk!" Kane tutted with annoyance as his perception of time sped up, forcing him to slow down. Thankfully, the Martial Heart increased his cognition while it was active, making it harder to hypnotize him. The fact that Rui had succeeded without a Martial Heart at all was quite surprising.

BAM BAM BAM!!!

Kane pummeled Rui while the latter balled up, covering all his vitals. Unfortunately, Kane was too fast with his Martial Heart for Rui to match the man's speed with a moving guard and a moving defense.

However, it wasn't speed alone that was overwhelming.

CRACK CRACK CRACK!

Rui narrowed his eyes as he felt his bone crack under the weight of Kane's heavy blows. It was remarkable how simply turning off his Martial Heart changed the way that he perceived Kane. With his Martial Heart active, Kane's blows were so weak that they didn't even register at times. Yet without the Martial Heart, Rui felt like he was fighting someone stronger than the Gatekeeper.

However, attacks that each should have thoroughly killed him were being withstood.

This was because his predictive model of Kane's movements was extremely refined. He could see where each strike was going to be well before it arrived. With such foreknowledge, attacks that would have shattered past his ribcage and crushed his heart were resisted with minimal damage.

The answer was simple.

VMMM!

The land beneath his feet vibrated as he redirected all the damage to the earth beneath him with Flux Earther.

The technique's effectiveness was highest when timed correctly. With the current degree to which he was able to anticipate Kane with the predictive model alone, he could accurately time the active defense technique even when completely balled up.

Yet, not even that was enough to endure the sheer onslaught of Kane's relatively devastating power.

BAM BAM BAM!!! Thê sourc𝗲 of this conte/nt n/o/v/(𝒆l)bi((n))

CRACK!

Rui grimaced as he bore the brunt of another brutal attack, struggling to disperse the impact. Yet, by then, another attack had already arrived.

BOOM!

CRACK!

Rui balled up as the attack launched him away. He actually preferred it. The greater the distance between them, the more time he had between each strike to prepare for the Soul Void technique. By the time he prepared the technique to the cusp of execution, Kane had already arrived. POW POW POW!!

A flurry of strikes bombarded Rui from all over as he barely managed to time Flux Earther with each of Kane's attacks.

Yet, it still wasn't enough.

CRACK!

He felt another bone cracking despite Nemean Blossom, even if it was quickly healed by Weaving Blood. He wasn't fast enough to avoid Kane without his Martial Heart; thus, he was limited to defense and healing.

"We both know that's not going to last forever," Kane remarked amidst his strikes. "Your Metabody System running at full power has extremely low stamina. It cannot compare to the power of a Martial Heart."

He rushed in for another strike.

"You're right, so I guess I'll just stop wasting time." BOOM!!

Kane's eyes widened as Rui abandoned his guard, allowing the attack to land.

CRACK CRACK CRACK!!

Rui's ribs snapped once Kane's strikes made contact. A deep dent formed in his chest and abdomen as the strike broke past his bones with ease, crushing into his lungs. If not for Weaving Blood working overtime to heal the damage, Rui would have undoubtedly died right then and there.

Yet that wasn't what caught Kane's attention. What caught Kane's attention was the blanket of nigh-complete darkness that had enveloped his senses. "Sleep." Rui's voice seemed to trickle past his consciousness, hitting a deeper part of his mind. Before he could register it, the darkness had already faded. Rui hadn't moved from his spot; his broken ribs had already healed.

"What just happened?" Kane glanced disoriented.

"Why, nothing at all." Rui smiled. "Let's continue."

Rui had added a memory-wiping element to the trance-induction hypnosis, making Kane forget about the Soul Void technique altogether. This was to reduce the probability that they would take some active measures to break out of a trance.

Yet, while Kane was not aware of it, Rui could see it as clear as day. Kane had successfully been put in a trance. It was semi-conscious; it did not affect his combat prowess in any way because his conscious mind still retained full functionality in regard to it.

However, his non-verbal communication had changed significantly.

It was a window to his soul.

"Alright then, brace yourself," Kane rushed forward with frightening speed, throwing a swift uppercut to Rui's jaw.

Yet, Rui had foreseen it.

BOOM!

CRACK!

Rui felt the bone in his forearm cracking even as he did his very best to disperse the impact with Flux Earther. Flux Earther could be astronomically more effective and powerful with greater accuracy in timing and placement of the technique. It was normally impossible to time something so fast that one couldn't even see it.

BOOM!!

Yet, Rui calmly replicated the feat over and over again, dispersing Kane's titanic power with perfect timing. He couldn't see Kane's movements.

Yet, he could see the future.

That was enough.

BOOOM!

A mighty impact crashed into Rui's guards even as he increased the timeframe and distance of the collision, increasing its elasticity. The power of the attacks seamlessly flowed through his body and to his legs before being dispersed into the lands beneath his feat.

A blow that should have been a death blow was reduced to one of manageable damage.

--



